"Feedback O
for O
Week O
10 O
+ O
11: O
The story, content, language and the audio are good.	Sensemaking 1
Also, you have used very engagingly and connecting visuals throughout the video.	Sensemaking 1
The video is edited to a high-quality, clips are trimmed to the right length, and visuals are not distracting.	Sensemaking 1
Appropriate transitions are used, and stylistic elements are consistent. However, in the first two beats justifications are provided, but it is quite general. Thereby, try to make specific reference to either the narrative or the audience in reasoning why to use this content similar to other beats.	Sensemaking 1&Impact 1
Also, it's clear that the video footages are from other sources, but no attributions are given either in video or treatment. It could have been complete, if you create live content(you are talking to the camera/video created by you) where possible in addition to video footages.	Sensemaking 1
Feedback O
for O
Week O
12: O
Regarding this task of the assignment, you have accurately discussed the background, potential solution and the impact of the research. However, some key areas for improvement include - It would be best if you framed your justification properly while discussing the standard rules for patent decisions, e.g. novelty, usefulness and non-obviousness.	Sensemaking 1&Impact 1
Also, you need more details in the prior art section as there is always prior art.	Sensemaking 1
The investigation of Prior art is crucial to the impact declaration, and a link is needed here.	Sensemaking 1
You can use google patent search, even the Australian Patent database.	Sensemaking 1
A typical prior art search process requires a search strategy to be formulated at the beginning using a keyword search, name search, classification search or a citation search, or a combination thereof.	Sensemaking 1
Also, you could have briefly explained the technology mentioned in your answer.	Sensemaking 1
You received 37 marks for Week 10 and 11 and 7 marks for Week 12" 73.33	Sensemaking 2

"Feedback O
for O
Week O
10 O
+ O
11: O
Thank you so much for your efforts in addressing the assignment brief you have been given.	Agency 2
You have provided a good narrative on your video with a very good quality on the audio.	Sensemaking 1
There are however some aspects of your video/video treatment that need to be further refined to make it a thorough, reflective and/or professional work.	Sensemaking 1
The major issue about the task is the lack of live action content. You could have provided more live action content in your video and avoid static images.	Sensemaking 1
Also, one of the beats was long and it is recommended to keep all the beats between 10 to 15 seconds, and consequently having 6 to 8 beats.	Sensemaking 1
You nicely cited the resources used throughout the video at the end.	Sensemaking 1
Other parts are also good.	Sensemaking 1
Feedback O
for O
Week O
12: O
Thank you so much for your nice response to this task.	Agency 3
Most of the questions are nicely responded such as the related technology, commercial potentials, industries which can utilise the research, prior art and the potential for patent.	Sensemaking 1
However, there are some aspects of your document that need to be further refined to make it a thorough, critical, reflective and/or professional response. For example, you missed a good explanation in the potential solution where you could describe a solution to the problem, or application of a tool or process.	Sensemaking 1
Also, in a couple of answers you referred to the paper directly and replied to the question from the paper point of view which can be avoided.	Sensemaking 1
Overall, you did a good job and I hope you enjoyed this unit.	Sensemaking 2&Agency 3
You received 38 marks for Week 10 and 11 and 9 marks for Week 12" 78.33	Sensemaking 2

"Feedback O
for O
Week O
2: O
You have demonstrated a good understanding about the ethical issues need to be considered while planning and conducting a research.	Sensemaking 1
There are some areas of improvements that you can consider. For example, while suggesting new ethical dimensions such as informed consent, right of withdrawal of participation and coercion, please make sure to introduce these key ethical dimensions to the reader at the beginning of your argument. It will help the reader to understand the significance of following that particular ethical dimensions in that research context.	Sensemaking 1
In terms of the quality of writing, you can consider the following things to improve your writing including use of appropriate prepositions, articles and using gerunds. For example, ""parents allowed to represent their children, whether parents’ decisions are in the best interest of their children and whether participation depends on parental pressure.	Sensemaking 1
The verb represent is usually in the gerund form when following the word allowed. You should consider replacing it with the -ing form.	Sensemaking 1&Impact 1
Some sentences are long and difficult to read, you can think about splitting it into two sentences.	Impact 1
Feedback O
for O
Week O
3: O
It was great that you have found and organised five relevant papers.	Sensemaking 2
Some further improvements may have been included in terms of outlining and explaining the justifications for ranking. This will help the reader to understand the justification more accurately to support the ranking. For example, in the justification for your second paper you wrote that ""This paper is ranked second in terms of relevance as it provides meaningful insights for researchers on the technological aspect relating to autism"". it is not clear what particular aspect of relevance you considered to rank it as second.	Sensemaking 1
Only this particular article is providing meaningful insights? You could have relate it more to the abstract to clarify your justification for ranking.	Sensemaking 1
You received 18.5 marks for Week 1 and 19.6 marks for Week 3." 95	Sensemaking 2

Well done.	Agency 2
Feedback O
is O
as O
follows:A2: O
Need to exclude a header to count the total.A7:	Impact 1
There are spaces in your search term so it will find keywords including them.	Sensemaking 1
B5a: The number of headlines for each topic is incorrect. 88	Sensemaking 1

Not a novel or creative idea 80	Sensemaking 2

Great work.	Agency 2
B5a: Line for war_terrorism is incorrect. 98	Sensemaking 1

A2 Q2b Wrong axis labels (inversed)	Sensemaking 1
A2 Q2c Can be concluded from the plot that the observed relationship is a positive linear relationship	Sensemaking 1
A2 Q2d Inverse is also true that people migrating to NSW were from QLD 96	Sensemaking 1

"Good attempt.	Agency 2
Have to work on some parts.	Sensemaking 1
A4: Print the header.	Impact 1
A5: grep 'covid 19' ABC_NEWS.csv | head -1A6: Where is the output?	Sensemaking 1
A7: Get the summation	Impact 1
A8: No of uniq dates are 6518. (: cat ABC_NEWS.csv | awk -F',' '{print $1}' | uniq | wc -l)	Sensemaking 1
A9: Missing.	Sensemaking 2
B2a: Discuss the trend.	Impact 1
B2b: Where is the title of the plot?	Sensemaking 1
B3a: Have the title of the plot.	Sensemaking 1
B4a: Have the tiotle of the plot." 66	Impact 1

"Very interesting topic and excellent writing.	Sensemaking 2
Mengyang, you might provide a bit more info about how the LAPD utilise the data science for it (As the canvas seems not much related to machine learning algorithm).	Impact 1
So far you are putting a bit too much emphasis on the background" 90	Sensemaking 1

"You can do better Yuanfei1.	Sensemaking 2
For A.1.1, A1.3 Best to show scatter plot with line connection, would be easier to identify relationships like this.	Impact 1
2. When you do comparision, you need to put data in one diagram.	Impact 1
Please do not separately compare, the Y axis are different too	Impact 1
3. A1.1.b best to sort your bar data in ascending or descending before plot, it would be more easily readable by audience, it is the same with a lot of other diagrams you ploted, they are not that easily comparable	Impact 1
4. You need to provide code in all your questions in your PDF report, such as A1.2.a5.	Impact 1
Regarding Question A2.2.b, you have misunderstand the requirement, requirement is asking you to plot NOM and NIM against each other, not over time. So you need to have NOM and NIM data in x and y correspondingly	Sensemaking 1&Impact 1
6. For A2.2.a Please specify the answer clearly instead of just writing a table	Impact 1
7. For A2.2.b There are actually not much significant relationships between these data.	Sensemaking 1
8. I cannot find your answer for B.29.	Sensemaking 2
For B5.a The graph is not readable you do not need to creae the scatters, also it is best to show in one diagram10.	Sensemaking 1&Impact 1
For Q5.d Please do not hard code your data to create diagram	Impact 1
11. For Q5. e Please provide the number besides just group" 66	Impact 1

"Excellent work Chun Ki	Agency 2
The emotional polarity for A6 should be result in positive/ negative with a list of data (Or at least positive or negative value), so your answer shall be related to positive or negative with multiple record.	Sensemaking 1
You probably understand the requirement wrongTry with this command: cat ABC_NEWS.csv| awk -F ',' '{if(($3 + $6 + $10)-( $9+$11) < 0 ) {print $0,""Negative ""} else {print $0,"" Positive ""}}'For A7 it is 10185, which you can use this command cat ABC_NEWS.csv | grep -o 'coronavirus|covid 19' | wc -l	Sensemaking 1&Impact 1
For A9, This question is not asking to find unique record, so you can list out a few more entries that applies to your conditions in this case" 93	Sensemaking 1&Impact 1

"Excellent work Denis,	Agency 2
For A2, You need to ignore the first line which is the column name.	Impact 1
For A7, Answer is 10185, you can have a look about this code: cat ABC_NEWS.csv | grep -o 'coronavirus|covid 19' | wc -lFor	Sensemaking 1&Agency 1
A8, is 6518, You can have a try with this code: cat ABC_NEWS.csv | awk -F',' '{print $1}' | uniq | wc -lFor	Sensemaking 1&Impact 1
A9, Your screenshot has been cut off a bit, It is hard to determin your result , please be really careful in the future	Sensemaking 1
For B.5.a The graph you ploated is not that correct. So try with this code instead.### Search termsABC_NEWS$Crime % mutate(year = year(publish_date)) %>%select(year, Crime, Natural_Disaster, Health, Sports, War_Terrorism) %>%drop_na() %>% gather(Topic, Value, -year) %>%group_by(year, Topic) %>% summarise(total_value = sum(Value)) %>%ggplot(aes(x=year, y=total_value, colour=Topic)) + geom_line() +labs(title = ""Total no. of terms for each topic across year"")" 82	Sensemaking 1&Impact 1

"Excellent work!	Agency 2
A2,Q2c:To show the relationship between NOM and NIM in Victoria you could draw a linear best fit line in your plot.	Impact 1
B1, Q3 could have clear explanation for descriptive statistics (mean, std, quartile1, median, and max).	Sensemaking 1
B5d: could have better explanation." 93	Sensemaking 1

"Very good attempt.	Agency 2
Task A1Q1a: If you draw a single line chart including all the states using different colours, you could compare easily. Here, it is difficult to compare since you set scales free. So the scales of these plots are different, which is not a better idea to follow when comparing.	Sensemaking 1
Q1b: Have a title to the plot.	Impact 1
Task A2:Q1a: Talk first about the general trend (what is first, 2nd and 3rd).	Impact 1
Q1b: Have a singleplot for Australia itself. No need to group by states.	Impact 1
Q2d: Mentionexactly, that there is an opposite trend between NSW and QLD.	Impact 1
Task B:Q2: Title is missing	Sensemaking 1
Q5a: Title is missing" 91	Sensemaking 1

The business model is not clearly related to data science and does not state the stake holders. 70	Sensemaking 1

Q2b : Answer provided for NSW instead of NT	Sensemaking 1
Q2 : Bin size 93	Sensemaking 1

"Not a novel project, the description needs more focus on the data to be used and the business model can be improved by plotting the flow of data and processes" 60	Sensemaking 1&Impact 1

Excellent!	Agency 2
Feedback is as follows:A1: What's the delimeter?	Sensemaking 1
B2b: Which month has the highest number of headlines? 97	Sensemaking 1

"Interesting topic!	Agency 2
Need to explicitly describe of the goal of your project and emphasize the data aspect in the goal.for example, ""the objective of this project is to analyse some data and develop models in order to improve something"	Impact 1
" Could be better if you justified your text Need to add captions for your figures." 75	Sensemaking 1

No submission 100	Sensemaking 2

"Excellent work Zhijing	Agency 2
Please write your answers in a proper English expression instead of just providng screenshot and code (Update, your report formatting causes a lot of issues when going through your answers, please be careful during exam, you might not get full mark if you are doing this)	Impact 1
A 6 Please provide answer screenshot	Impact 1
B4.a You are supposed to have one bar chart inside the diagram" 95	Sensemaking 1

"Perfect job!	Agency 2
A1.3: plot missing.	Sensemaking 1
A2, 1B: Incorrect ref style.	Sensemaking 1
A2,Q2c:To show the relationship between NOM and NIM in Victoria you could draw a linear best fit line in your plot.	Impact 1
A2,2d: You could give a clear and elaborate comparisons.	Impact 1
B2:You could setup bin size in your histogram code.	Impact 1
B 5e: Missing answer." 89	Sensemaking 2

"Good attempt.	Agency 2
Task A1:Q1a. Mention that TAS is steady over the years.	Impact 1
Q1b:Have a title to the plot.	Impact 1
Q2a: Year is 1999. TFR %>%arrange(QLD) %>%summarise(min_value = first(QLD), min_value_year = first(Year), corres_NT=first(NT))	Sensemaking 1
Q2b: corresponding NT's TFR value is 2.12.	Sensemaking 1
Q3: Label is not clear.	Sensemaking 1
The title is not in the plot.	Sensemaking 1
Explanation is missing.	Sensemaking 1
Task A2:Q1a. Have a title for the plot.	Sensemaking 1
Q1b. Have a title for the plot.	Sensemaking 1
Q2b. Need to draw the relationship between NOM and NIM	Impact 1
Q2c:Need to draw a scatter plot to show the relationship between NOM andNIM.	Impact 1
Q2d: Mention exactly, that there is an opposite trend between NSW andQLD. Sothat means many people move from QLD to NSW or vise versa.	Impact 1
The title is not in the plot.	Sensemaking 1
Task B:Q2: Title is missing.	Sensemaking 1
Q5a: Title is missing.	Sensemaking 1
Labels are not visible properly.	Sensemaking 1
Q5d:Have the title. " 71	Sensemaking 1

"A1.b. Your plot doesn't communicate the information accurately.	Sensemaking 1
You need to add proper data labels to the bars or sort them descending so that your audience understands whether the value of TAS is higher or the value of ACT/ A2.2.c.,A2.2.b. State or/and Year shouldn't be included in the analysis.	Impact 1
The question didn't ask for year/State./B5.d is should be a bar chart not a scatter plot/" 90	Sensemaking 1

A.3 : Search should be done via shell commands	Impact 1
A.5 : Search should be done via shell commands	Impact 1
B.2.a : Manually inserting data	Sensemaking 1
B.2.b : Manually inserting data	Sensemaking 1
B.3.a : Manually inserting data	Sensemaking 1
B.5.a : The code is too long and not explaines while no legend is shown on the graph to support your conclusions 82	Sensemaking 1

Q1 : The plot should show each state	Impact 1
Q1a : The type of chart used does not provide clear distinction between the two states	Sensemaking 1
Q2a : The result should have been extracted using min() of first() as it cannot be clear from the plot	Impact 1
Q2b : Variables and calculations should be used to link the data instead of hard coding	Impact 1
Q1b : The code does not present the correct plot	Sensemaking 1
Q2a : How can you be sure the join was correctly done?	Sensemaking 1
Q2b : The relation was not described	Sensemaking 1
Q2c : The relation described is not correct	Sensemaking 1
Q2d : The plot shows that the two states are opposite to each other	Sensemaking 1
Q3 : Results are not adequately explained	Sensemaking 1
Q5b : Your code should extract the answer from the data instead of manually examining the graph 81	Impact 1

Excellent work Siyuan!	Agency 2
There are no problems at all 100	Sensemaking 2

"No novelty and the actual goal is not clear, do you want to discuss the system or an algorithm?" 70	Sensemaking 1

"A general improvement for your plots is to add title to the plots.	Impact 1
Having a title let's your audience to udnerstand what you try to communicate by a visualisation faster and more effictively compared to the situation that your audience should checks the X and Y axies labels and think of what the plot shows.	Sensemaking 1
The first plot should show all the states in one plot and then, you need to study QLD and TAS.	Impact 1
A2.b. Further explanation is required.	Sensemaking 1
How the trend is effected by the mining boom or international study in Australia should be explained//	Impact 1
B3. sd should be reported as well/ There's no reference in your codes, you didn't lose any mark in this assignemtn but make sure to add the URLs of the websites you get your codes so that you won't be marked for plagiarism at Monash." 93	Impact 1

Excellent! 100	Agency 2

"Excellent work!	Agency 2
Need O
to O
pay O
attention O
to O
the O
area O
below: O
A6, O
incomplete O
justification, O
need O
to O
determine O
the O
emotional O
polarity O
for O
all O
headlines O
by O
using O
the O
following O
formula: O
(𝑙𝑖𝑘𝑒𝑠_𝑐𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 O
+ O
𝑙𝑜𝑣𝑒_𝑐𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 O
+ O
𝑡ℎ𝑎𝑛𝑘𝑓𝑢𝑙_𝑐𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡) O
− O
(𝑎𝑛𝑔𝑟𝑦_𝑐𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 O
+ O
𝑠𝑎𝑑_𝑐𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡)." O
99 O

The topic is not clear and the description is not focused on one goal.	Sensemaking 1
Having a graph that states the stages of your business model and the benefits to the stakeholders will improve the report. 50	Sensemaking 1

"Perfect work!	Agency 2
A1 Q1 Missing plot.	Sensemaking 1
A1,Q1b: missing explanation.	Sensemaking 1
B2:You could setup bin size in your histogram code.	Impact 1
B3: You could add descriptive statistics (mean, std, quartile1, median, and max) in your code." 86	Impact 1

A1.b. Your plot doesn't communicate the information accurately.	Sensemaking 1
You need to add proper data labels to the bars or sort them descending so that your audience understands whether the value of TAS is higher or the value of ACT/ B2.	Impact 1
Why did you decide to set bin-width=1?/	Sensemaking 1
B5.1. the value of 'Y' should be length of tweets instead of the age to show the correct plot 96	Impact 1

"You need to work harder on this Yinchen, majority of the time you were talking generic impact of plastic, there is not much data science related info involved.	Agency 2&Sensemaking 1
Providing data sets does not mean it is closely related to data science." 60	Sensemaking 1

B.5.a : No answer 88	Sensemaking 2

To improve the clarity of the report (e.g. using sub-sections). For example 1. Project could also have 1.1 Recommender system and 1.2 Goals.	Sensemaking 1
Expand and quantify the value which the system brings and what are the challenges encountered. 50	Impact 1

Well done.	Agency 2
Feedback is as follows:A9: There are also null values in headlines.	Sensemaking 1
A10: likes_count is $3.	Sensemaking 1
B5a: Not completed. 83	Sensemaking 1

"A general improvement for your plots is to add title to the plots. Having a title let's your audience to udnerstand what you try to communicate by a visualisation faster and more effictively compared to the situation that your audience should checks the X and Y axies labels and think of what the plot shows./	Impact 1
The first plot should show all the states in one plot and then, you need to study QLD and TAS./	Impact 1
A1.3. and A2 The x axis is not readable in several plots, you can rotate the X-label values in this case to make it readable/	Sensemaking 1&Impact 1
B3. sd should be reported and the comparision is missed/" 84	Sensemaking 1

B.5.a : Only data entry is done here 91	Sensemaking 1

"Your focus area is a bit too wide Yixiao, you might have a hard time to complete your A4 because you want to cover everything, try to reduce scope to one to two type of IoT would be good." 70	Sensemaking 1&Impact 1

Excellent!	Agency 2
B5a: The total number of terms for each topic is incorrect. 94	Sensemaking 1

"Topic is fine. But need to explain the benefits, applications, challenges, data science job roles and their duties etc.	Sensemaking 1&Impact 1
Seems that you haven't attend to my tutorial. I have discuss all of these during the tutorial." 0	Sensemaking 1

No novelty 80	Sensemaking 2

"You must have the plots in your report.	Impact 1
None of the plots is added to the report.	Sensemaking 1
A general improvement for your plots is to add title to the plots.	Impact 1
Having a title let's your audience to udnerstand what you try to communicate by a visualisation faster and more effictively compared to the situation that your audience should checks the X and Y axies labels and think of what the plot shows.	Sensemaking 1
The first plot should show all the states in one plot and then, you need to study QLD and TAS.	Impact 1
A1.b. Your plot doesn't communicate the information accurately.	Sensemaking 1
You need to add proper data labels to the bars or sort them descending so that your audience understands whether the value of TAS is higher or the value of ACT/	Impact 1
A2.1.a. The plot should be revised. all the states should be shown in one plot so that your audience can see the difference between the trends.	Sensemaking 1&Impact 1
I would suggest plotting the states in one plot and then compare its interpretability with what you have now to see the difference.	Impact 1
/A2.1. b. Further explanation is required. You were supposed to search online for this./	Sensemaking 1&Agency 1
A2.2.c., A2.2.b Year shouldn't be included in the analysis. The question didn't ask for year./	Sensemaking 1
B1. You should just check the number of rows of your dataframe. No need to use sum()/	Sensemaking 1
B3. comparision should be done, you just repeated the values you claculated. You need to comare the values/	Sensemaking 1&Impact 1
B5.a. All the boxplots should be in one plot so that we can compare them easily/	Impact 1
B5.e. 5+ is the answer/" 69	Sensemaking 1

"Please try to put a bit more effort in writing this report, Nicholas, provide subheadings and also put more critical thinking into writing this.	Agency 2&Impact 1
Best to use reference to support your ideas too." 55	Impact 3

" A2.1.a You should create a plot which shows all 3 states. Having different plots with different Y axes makes your visualisation less comparabale/	Impact 1&Sensemaking 1
A2.1.b. The plot should be generated for the whole Australia regardless of the states. This mistake caused analyiss of different trends/	Impact 1&Sensemaking 1
A2.2.c.,A2.2.b. State or/and Year shouldn't be included in the analysis. The question didn't ask for year/State./	Sensemaking 1
B2. bin should be set properly/" 89	Impact 1

"A general improvement for your plots is to add title to the plots.	Impact 1
Having a title let's your audience to udnerstand what you try to communicate by a visualisation faster and more effictively compared to the situation that your audience should checks the X and Y axies labels and think of what the plot shows./	Sensemaking 1
Moreover, When you show information of different states in different plots which have different Y-axis scales, it makes your visualisation less comparabale as the visual trends don't communicate the real differences and your audience doesn't understand which trend has higher values at a glance.	Sensemaking 1
The first plot should show all the states in one plot and then, you need to study QLD and TAS./	Impact 1
A2.1. b. explanation is required. You were supposed to search online for this./	Sensemaking 1&Agency 1
A2.2.c.,A2.2.b. Year shouldn't be included in the analysis. The question didn't ask for year. This mistake made the message you convey totaly incorrect/	Sensemaking 1
A2.2.c. type of plot is not chosen correctly/	Sensemaking 1
B3. is not ttempted.	Sensemaking 2
B5. boxplot is not generated correctly. It should show the distribution of length of tweets not just the emdin.	Sensemaking 1&Impact 1
B5.e. 5+ has the maximum number of followers""" 59	Sensemaking 1

"Well Done!	Agency 2
Please pay attention to the following areas: A6 incomplete answer, may regard a headline clearly as either emotionally positive or negative based on the number of emojis it received.	Sensemaking 1
B5a, incomplete code and answer." 89	Sensemaking 2

Great work.	Agency 2
B5a: You need to remove NAs. 99	Impact 1

"Excellent job!	Agency 2
A2 Q1a all plot should be integrated for visual comparison.	Impact 1
A2 Q1a Instead than facetting all plots should be merged for visual comparison.	Impact 1
A2 Q1b Should be total net overseas migration grouped by year.	Impact 1
A2c, incomplete answer, need clear relationship information between NIM and NOM.	Sensemaking 1
B2:You could setup bin size in your histogram code.	Sensemaking 1
B5a, incomplete explanation.	Sensemaking 1
B5c, d incomplete answer, need clear explanation to know correct age group." 96	Sensemaking 1

Great work.	Agency 2
A7: Have the summation of both.	Sensemaking 1
B5a: Need to remove null values.	Impact 1
Bars to denote war is incorrect. 96	Sensemaking 1

Grea twork.	Agency 2
Explain about the data science job roles. 90	Impact 1

Great work overall with correct use of shell commands and r code and having accompanying answers as relevant.	Sensemaking 2
Some improvements would be as follows. A6 : positive or negative can also be indicated and displayed based on counts.	Impact 1
B2.b Plot can be improved with correct representation of month numbers in x axis.	Impact 1
B5.a WarTerrorism counts seem to be less than what should be in the plot. 97	Sensemaking 1

Excellent!	Agency 2
My feedback is as follows:A2-2d: Need to plot NIM over different yearsB-1: Verified: 218 93	Impact 1

A.7 : inacurate results	Sensemaking 1
A.9 : What about empty headlines? 97	Sensemaking 1

"The use of data is not clear in your project description	Sensemaking 1
The business model does not provide components, stages, benefits and stakeholders" 70	Sensemaking 1

Excellent!	Agency 2
Feedback is as follows:A8: Need to write a code to compute the number of unique dates in the dataset.	Impact 1
B4a: Could be better if you created one plot to compare to each other versus yearrmd file is not submitted. 71	Impact 1

Excellent work.	Agency 2
Task A2Q1b: Have the plot only for total Australia. No need to group by the states. 98	Impact 1

"Interesting topic!	Agency 2
Could be better to describe the goal of the project as your project.For example, my project is to develop the engine by analysing data to creat some value..	Impact 1
Could be better if you justified your text" 85	Sensemaking 1

"Interesting topic!	Agency 2
The goal of your project needs to be described more concisely.For example, ""the objective of this project is to analyse some data and develop models in order to improve something"	Impact 1
" Need to explain more how your project is related to data and data analysis.	Impact 1
Need to explain more about challenges of your project	Impact 1
The report is too short." 40	Sensemaking 1

Great work.	Agency 2
2a: Discuss the trend.	Impact 1
B5a: Remove the NA values. 98	Impact 1

"A general improvement for your plots is to add title to the plots.	Impact 1
Having a title let's your audience to udnerstand what you try to communicate by a visualisation faster and more effictively compared to the situation that your audience should checks the X and Y axies labels and think of what the plot shows.	Sensemaking 1
The first plot should show all the states in one plot and then, you need to study QLD and TAS../	Impact 1
A1.b. description is not provided/	Sensemaking 1
A1.b. Your plot doesn't communicate the information accurately.	Sensemaking 1
You need to add proper data labels to the bars or sort them descending so that your audience understands whether the value of TAS is higher or the value of ACT/	Impact 1
A2.1.a You should create a plot which shows all 3 states.	Impact 1
Having different plots with different Y axes makes your visualisation less comparabale/	Sensemaking 1
A2.1. b. Further explanation is required. You were supposed to search online for this./	Sensemaking 1&Agency 1
A2.2. You need to use inner join instead of left join. /	Impact 1
A2.2.c.,A2.2.b. Year shouldn't be included in the analysis. The question didn't ask for year./	Impact 1
B2. bin should be set properly/	Impact 1
B3. comparision is missed/	Sensemaking 1
B5.b. 1-2 is lowest as well. We have 0-1 and 1-2 as lowest/	Sensemaking 1
Make sure to add references for the following submissions" 69	Impact 3

"The first plot should show all the states in one plot and then, you need to study QLD and TAS./	Impact 1
A1.b. Your plot doesn't communicate the information accurately.	Sensemaking 1
You need to add proper data labels to the bars or sort them descending so that your audience understands whether the value of TAS is higher or the value of ACT/	Impact 1
A2.1. b. explanation is required. You were supposed to search online for this./	Sensemaking 1&Agency 1
A2.2.c.,A2.2.b. Year shouldn't be included in the analysis. The question didn't ask for year/	Sensemaking 1
A2.3. bar chart is not a proper type of plot for showing the trends here and you should have used a line chart.	Sensemaking 1&Impact 1
Plot needs a title as well/	Impact 1
B3. explanation is requried/" 83	Sensemaking 1

Q1 : An overall plot is not presented	Sensemaking 1
Q2b : The scatter plot should not have been separated by States. The question asks for a general correlation	Sensemaking 1
Q2c : The year should not have been included here	Sensemaking 1
Q2 : Bin size caused gaps in the plot	Sensemaking 1
Q3 : The question did not ask for the plots and the measure were not explained 88	Sensemaking 1

Sounds like a very new topic!	Sensemaking 2
Could be better if justified your text and added reference. 90	Impact 1

Task A1:Q1b: Have the question number.	Impact 1
Task A2:Q2b is incorrect.	Sensemaking 1
Q2d: Plots are opposite.	Sensemaking 1
Its better to use oppsite word than using symmetric.	Impact 1
Overall good work 91	Sensemaking 2

"Interesting topic!	Agency 2
Could be better if you provided subheadings for the purpose of your project, benefits and challenges.	Impact 1
Could be better if justified your text and added reference." 85	Impact 1

Q2b : The code should print out the result without having 1999 hard-coded	Impact 1
Q3 : Plot is missing	Sensemaking 1
Q2a : The answer is supposed to be generated by the code	Sensemaking 1
Q2b : The two are not correlated	Sensemaking 1
Q2c : There is a positive correlation	Sensemaking 1
Q2 : Bin size chosen leaves gaps	Sensemaking 1
Q5b : The code should produce the final result	Sensemaking 1
Q5c : The code should produce the final result	Sensemaking 1
Q5e : The code should produce the final result 83	Sensemaking 1

Having a graph that states the stages of your business model will improve the report. 90	Sensemaking 1

"Good work overall.	Agency 2
Please find some improvements and feedback as below. A1.1 A better option would have been to provide different line plots for each state in the same graph. If not could use the same scale in axes for comparison. Description of trend can be more comparative.	Impact 1
A2.1a Plots could be more readable if stretched a bit more in x axis as well as if same scale used to enable direct comparison.	Impact 1
Explanation can be more granular and comparative.	Impact 1
A2.1b Data can be aggregated to get total NOM for Australia per year and then plot created with relevant discussion.	Impact 1
A2.2b Should plot NIM and NOM on x, y axes instead of plot each over year to observe relationship.	Impact 1
A2.2c This should again be NIM and NOM in x and y axes considering data for Victoria.	Impact 1
Relationship is linear and positive.	Sensemaking 1
A2.2d Could discuss migration from QLD to NSW based on plot findings.	Impact 1
B3 Not much difference between the two groups as observed." 85	Sensemaking 1

A1.b. Your plot doesn't communicate the information accurately.	Sensemaking 1
You need to add proper data labels to the bars or sort them descending so that your audience understands whether the value of TAS is higher or the value of ACT/	Impact 1
A2.1. b. Further explanation is required. You were supposed to search online for this 96	Sensemaking 1&Agency 1

Well done!	Agency 2
A general improvement for your plots is to add title to the plots.	Impact 1
Having a title let's your audience to udnerstand what you try to communicate by a visualisation faster and more effictively compared to the situation that your audience should checks the X and Y axies labels and think of what the plot shows.	Sensemaking 1
A1.b. Your plot doesn't communicate the information accurately. You need to add proper data labels to the bars or sort them descending so that your audience understands whether the value of TAS is higher or the value of ACT/	Sensemaking 1&Impact 1
A1.3. The choice of plot is not correct and it doesn't let your audience to focus on the trend. Change the type of plot to the line and see how easier you can understand the trend. /	Sensemaking 1&Impact 1
A2.1. b. Further explanation is required. /	Sensemaking 1
B. You need to change the 5-6 to 5+ in parts c and d 89	Impact 1

"Good Attempt	Agency 2
Task A2:Q1b:Have a single plot for Australia itself. No need to group by states.	Impact 1
Q2b.Need to draw the relationship between NOM and NIM	Impact 1
Q2c:Need to draw a scatter plot to show the relationship between NOM andNIM for victoria	Impact 1
Q2d: Mention exactly, that there is an opposite trend between NSWand QLD. Sothat means many people move from QLD to NSW or vice-versa.	Impact 1
Task B:Q1: Need to count number of rows.	Impact 1
Q2:Need to select appropriate bin size.	Impact 1
Q5a: The box plot is wrong.	Sensemaking 1
Q5d: Need to have a bar chart. (histogram).	Impact 1
Q5e: Why did you sum it. It is wrong. " 72	Sensemaking 1

"Good work Chun Kit	Agency 2
1. Your report formatting are not really well structured and does not really appear to be professional (E.g. missing header and footer, missing page number), it is best to make your put your code as part of your answers	Sensemaking 1&Impact 1
2. A1.1.b best to sort your bar data in ascending or descending before plot, it would be more easily readable by audience	Impact 1
3. A1.2.a The TFR minimum value and its year for QLD are 1.8 and 1999	Sensemaking 1
4. A1.2.b Corresponding NT's TFR value for the same year is 2.12.	Sensemaking 1
5. A1.3 You need to firstly convert the data from wide to long then use aggregate function to aggregate birth, death, natural growth before you plot the diagram	Impact 1
6. A2.1.a, b Excellent analysis on the reason for trend	Sensemaking 1
7. Regarding Question A2.2.b, you have misunderstand the requirement, requirement is asking you to plot NOM and NIM against each other, not over time. So you need to have NOM and NIM data in x and y correspondingly	Sensemaking 1&Impact 1
8. Due to your A2.2.b, your c part is also impacted, you should plot against NOM and NIM	Sensemaking 1&Impact 1
9. For B2. You can actually use geom_histogram(bins=XX) to set bin size and the current bin size is not really appropriate to read your diagram	Impact 1
10. B5 b, c, e best to show summary table besides just providing an answer.	Impact 1
11. B5d, the Y axis value is counted wrongly, cannot be just 1200 records" 71	Sensemaking 1

A.3 : You shouold produce the final answer not the lists of head and tail	Impact 1
A.5 : You shouold produce the final answer not the lists of head	Impact 1
A.7 : Inacurate counts	Sensemaking 1
A.8 : You need to use wc -l	Impact 1
B.2.a : You need to get the code to assign the data instead of manually doing this for each year	Impact 1
B.2.b : You need to get the code to assign the data instead of manually doing this for each month	Impact 1
B.3.a : You need to get the code to assign the data instead of manually doing this for each year	Impact 1
B.5.a : Incorrect sums of values (e.g War total value) 88	Sensemaking 1

"In all questions of Task A, You don’t show the output of your code and those codes gave errors when tutors tried to re-run them.	Sensemaking 1
Some additional points that need to be addressed as well are:A.1 :How do you decide the delimiter without even inspecting the contents of the file?A:2 Why do you use Get-unique? the question asks about the number of lines.	Impact 1
A.8 In questions where the output is not a simple value, a screenshot is needed to demonstrate the outcome, The response here only shows the dates with no proof of theses dates being the top 10." 95	Sensemaking 1

"Excellent work!	Agency 2
Please pay attention to the following areas: A10, missing output, should print the last 5 data records.	Impact 1
B3a, missing answer but there is a graphical presentation there." 98	Sensemaking 1

A.4 : A screenshot is needed here	Sensemaking 1
A.7 : Wrong count	Sensemaking 1
A.8 : Incorrect code and results	Sensemaking 1
B.5.a : incorrect calculations and plot 83	Sensemaking 1

"Interesting topic!	Agency 2
Well formatted report.	Sensemaking 2
Need to explicitly describe of the goal of your project and emphasize the data aspect in the goal.for example, ""the objective of this project is to analyse some data and develop models in order to improve something"	Impact 1
" Need to explain more how your project is related to data and data analysis.	Impact 1
Need to explain more about benefits and challenges of your project" 55	Impact 1

"Excellent work Aryaman	Agency 2
1. A1.1.b best to sort your bar data in ascending or descending before plot, it would be more easily readable by audience, it is the same with a lot of other diagrams you ploted, they are not that easily comparable	Impact 1
2. For A2.2.b There are actually not much significant relationships between these data.	Sensemaking 1
3. For A2.2.c There is a positive linear relationship between them (Majority of the time, the NIM increases, and then NOM also increases)	Sensemaking 1
4. For B.1 Number of tweets are 39955 and verified one are 2185.	Sensemaking 1
For B.2, best to increase the Bin size a bit to make the graph a bit more readable, you can increase to the region between 9 - 11	Impact 1
6. For B.5.a, please combine the graph into 1, the Y axises are different it it not able to compare properly.	Impact 1
7. For B.5.c The numbering is a bit off, 2-3 has 17140 Tweet count. " 87	Sensemaking 1

A.7 : Wrong result for covid 19 98	Sensemaking 2

"50% penalty applied due to 25% similarity	Sensemaking 2
Good choice of topic Yuhao,	Agency 2
Did you change your name? I am not sure who is Yahao,	Agency 3
try to include more critical analysis inside your business model with support of influence diagrams" 37.6	Impact 1

"Well done.	Agency 2
My feedback is as follows:A2-2b: Need to create one scatter plot for all states, not each state.	Impact 1
A2-2c: To see the relationship between them, x and y axis have to be NOM and NIM respectively.	Impact 1
B-2: Need to set up the proper bin size to better present the distribution	Impact 1
B-3: Explain any interesting findings	Impact 1
Please copy and paste your codes, not taking the screenshot of your codes in pdf." 88	Impact 1

"Well done.	Agency 2
Feedback is as follows:A2: Need to exclude a header to count the total.	Impact 1
A3: What is the first date?	Sensemaking 1
A6: $3: likes, $6: love, $10: thankful, $9: sad, $11: angryformula: ($3 + $6 + $10)-( $9+$11)	Sensemaking 1
A7: Need to count coronavirus as well.	Impact 1
If terms appear multiple times in a line, need to count them all.	Impact 1
A8: If using uniq -c after sort -u, it can't compute the frequence of the unique date	Sensemaking 1
B2b: Which month has the highest number of headlines?	Sensemaking 1
B3b: What's the possible reasons for the simliar trends?	Sensemaking 1
B4a: There is no negative values displayed in your plot." 76	Sensemaking 1

"Excellent!	Agency 2
Feedback is as follows:A7: If terms appear multiple times in a line, need to count them all, using -o flag in grep	Impact 1
A8: Need to write a code to compute the number of unique dates in the dataset.	Impact 1
A9: There are more null values in headlines.	Sensemaking 1
B2b: Which month has the highest number of headlines?" 92	Sensemaking 1

"Excellent project ideas!	Sensemaking 2
Novelty parts needs to be improved.	Sensemaking 1
What data science roles are involved in this project and what are their responsibilities?	Sensemaking 1
What is the limitation of current application, and management issues or policies involved in the project?" 90	Sensemaking 1

"50% penalty applied due to 47% similarity	Sensemaking 2
Very interesting topic Yu Lei, best to include subheading for your project description.	Sensemaking 2
Also the referece format is wrong, check out APA format here,	Sensemaking 1&Agency 1
The discussion you mentioend in the project description is more about U.S, but your business model is using Chinese software, so please try to have some transition if you want to mention totally two diffenret countries.	Sensemaking 1&Impact 1
Your project description is mainly copied from various resources with 47% similiarities, please write in your own words" 47.6	Sensemaking 1&Impact 1

Excellent! 100	Agency 2

"Excellent work Ziqian	Agency 2
1. A1.1.b best to sort your bar data in ascending or descending before plot, it would be more easily readable by audience, it is the same with a lot of other diagrams you ploted, they are not that easily comparable	Impact 1
2. For A2.2.c There is a positive linear relationship between them (Majority of the time, the NIM increases, and then NOM also increases)	Sensemaking 1
3. For B.2, best to increase the Bin size a bit to make the graph a bit more readable, you can increase to the region between 9 - 11 " 97	Impact 1

Passed interview 90	Sensemaking 2

new approved 100	Sensemaking 2

Approved.	Sensemaking 2
Well done. 100	Agency 2

Approved 100	Sensemaking 2

Overall good work with the report.	Sensemaking 2
Nice presentation.	Sensemaking 1
Could have used normalized bar graph for 2nd question. 100	Sensemaking 1

Proposal Accepted.;	Sensemaking 2
All the best :) 100	Agency 3

1 day(s) late penalty applied (3.3 marks). Original mark: 24.23 63.42	Sensemaking 2

90 O

2 day(s) late penalty applied (6.6 marks). Original mark: 28 64.85	Sensemaking 2

"ok to approve, but need to expand your questions when you do your data explorations, such as factors, not just wages will affect the skill.;" 100	Sensemaking 2&Impact 1

