"Feedback for Week 2:First, I will discuss the positive aspects in your work. You have described more than three ethical dimensions applicable for the study and most of those dimensions were explained well. For example, the section on informed consent and psychological abuse had good insights and examples from the study. Yet, I have a few suggestions for further improvement. First, pay attention to your writing skills. There were several grammatical errors in the submitted work. You can get additional support from Monash library services and English Connect to improve your writing skills. Secondly, at the end of your work, you mentioned that the researchers used the real names of children in their publication. However, there is a note in the publication indicating that the names included in the paper are made-up names. So, make sure that you recheck your statements prior to submission. Feedback for Week 3:There are several ways to improve your work further. It is good that you identified five papers that have cited the given paper and ranked them based on the venue of publication and the content of abstracts. However, your justifications could have included explicit statements as to how these papers relate to the research question we provided in the assignment. Further, while you described the credibility of the first three research papers, for the last two, you simply mentioned the name of the venue of publication. You could discuss how the venue of publication helped you to determine the ranking of each paper you selected. You received 16.5 marks for Week 1 and 17.2 marks for Week 3."	85
"Feedback for Week 4:Regarding Task 1,  You could have explicitly stated Q5 as biased/leading question with unclear answers; Q8 as ambiguous/wrong question and Q16-17 as implicit questions based on the way you learnt. And the suggested improvements are partly complete and you could have demonstrated how you change Q16 and Q17 as optional. Regarding Task 2,  Q1 and Q2 need to be tweaked to be more professional to ask from a participant. Obviously, Q4 is a leading question and Q5 is an ambiguous question. The justification provided for Q2 is not related to your topic as you are looking from the angle of an IT company. Also, the question is somewhat sensitive and better to add ""prefer not to say"" option. In addition, make sure to double-check your answer next time as there were some grammatical errors.Feedback for Week 5:For the interview schedule, I recommend you to make fewer questions as the participant have more space and time to go more deeply to the topics than sticking to short answers to many different questions. I observed this mostly at the beginning and the end of your transcript and entirely in some interviews as well, specially the last one. Please note that when you make a lot of questions, you might lead the interviewee. After going through the transcript, I felt that you could also improve your interview skills in a few ways. In fact, you can reflect on the responses given by the interviewee and ask more questions based on those responses or even summarise the responses to check whether you have understand the responses of the participant correctly. In addition, some of the questions you prepared were not good for interviews(Q4). Try to avoid/change such sensitive questions. Also, introducing yourself and the study before you get started.Feedback for Week 6:There are a few ways through which you can improve your week 6 tasks. In general, most of the suggestions are with regard to coding practices. In fact, most of the codes you created for task 2 were semantic codes, not latent ones. One strategy for creating latent codes is to go through the transcripts several times and make sure that you have gone beyond the surface meaning of the data. Also, you have not illustrated 2 quotes from the interviews. In addition, the themes could have been tweaked to be better understood/represented your codes. For example, university course theme couldnt stand on its own and doesnt reflect much information to be used for the qualitative analysis.You received 14 marks for Week 4, 20 marks for Week 5 and 10 marks for Week 6"	73.33
"Feedback for Week 10 + 11:I appreciate very much your efforts in addressing the assignment brief you have been given. You have provided a good narrative on your video with a good quality on the audio. There are however some aspects of your video/video treatment that need to be further refined to make it a thorough, critical, reflective and/or professional task. Firstly, there is no absolute live action content in your video and you simply used power point slides (or static images) in your video which is not based on the requirements of the task. You could also have made your content more interesting for the investors by showing how effectively this research can address the problems where the investors may want to invest. This should also be reflected in your justification for each beat where you can show how each beat can engage the investors accompanied with the justification for your visuals which is missing. Also, the length of the beats is inconsistent as one of your beats does not make sense/too long and others are also a bit long (it is recommended to keep all the beats between 10 to 15 seconds).Feedback for Week 12:I appreciate your efforts on this task. Some of the questions are responded better in comparison to the others such as the summary and the problem being tackled. However, there are some aspects of your document that need to be further refined to make it a thorough, critical, reflective and/or professional report. For example, for the potential solution you need to focus on a clear solution to the problem or at least a clear application of a tool or process where the investors can use it. Or for the impact you need to provide a clear avenue of impact, and have an explicit mention of the gain for industry. Also, you should abstract to wider issues (such as social good, cost savings etc) rather than just re-iterating the solution statement. Also, for the conflict section, you need to find at least one prior art which is related to this research (and there are as we carefully selected our papers). Overall, some of your responses were mostly short (you could have used 50 words) and abstract.You received 24 marks for Week 10 and 11 and 7 marks for Week 12"	51.67
"Feedback for Week 10 + 11:Visual engagement throughout is somewhat appropriate. There is a mix of live action, stock footage and static imagery, that in most cases serve as an effective visuals, but as opposed to limiting live action footage to a single beat, there could be further inclusion of live-action footage interspliced throughout. This could improve overall engagement and communication. Some of the beats provided in the video treatment are inappropriate in terms of duration. For a video of 90 seconds long, beats should be roughly 15~ seconds in duration and no less than 10 seconds. The video treatment matches up with the final video well, with content, script and visuals from the treatment accurately represented.The ‘Justification’ column of the video treatment includes overly brief responses. Each justification provided should pay reference to how the audience, content, and visuals and how they tie to an overarching narrative.There are no references provided for the stock material used. These should have been included either at the end of the video, or at the end of the video treatment. Please make sure to reference work appropriately. Feedback for Week 12:The ‘Summary/Background’ is somewhat general and should provide further details specifically related to research being conducted and specific outcomes.‘Problem being tackled’, ‘Potential Solutions’ are appropriately detailed.‘Impact/How does it make an industry partner successful’ has an appropriate response, but should explicitly define an industry partner when describing the impacts listed. Regarding ‘Technology being used’, specific tangible technologies should be defined (even a seemingly obvious technologies required to use the application, such as a smart phone).Under ‘Potential for a patent’, your response needs to address all of the patent criteria (Novel, Useful and Non-Obvious). Regarding ‘Prior Art’, it’s good that you cite an example, but the response should explain how the particular prior art that you highlighted might conflict with aspects of your research output.  You received 31 marks for Week 10 and 11 and 7 marks for Week 12"	61.67
"Feedback for Week 4:Overall good attempt. Some improvements are needed. For task 1, please make sure to include a clear improvement question and recommendation for your problematic questions. You also needed to clearly discuss the problematic issues you have identified. You also need to carefully review grammatical issues before submission. This will improve the overall quality of your writing.Feedback for Week 5:Overall, Good work on designing the interview schedule and conducting and transcribing the interview. You had also provided a brief introduction about the topic and the background at the beginning of the interview, which was a great starting point. Your interview schedule was also outlined well with all open-ended questions. You presented a well-produced transcript that demonstrates the dialog that occurred in a clear enough way to assess what happened. Just to flag that you did not submit any consent form which was a mandatory requirement for the interview. Feedback for Week 6:Overall, it was a good attempt but there are some areas of improvement. The codes used within the main themes need further improvement. For example, they exhibit more semantic issues rather than latent issues. latent codes or themes capture underlying ideas, patterns, and assumptions. This requires a more interpretative and conceptual orientation to the data. One suggestion to improve the codes is to revisit the data and become more familiar with some underlying ideas. Your description of codes also needs improvement. Grammatical revisions are also required to make your argument more precise and clearer.You received 16 marks for Week 4, 15 marks for Week 5 and 14 marks for Week 6"	73.33
"Feedback for Week 10 + 11:For week 10 and 11, any content that is not generated by yourself should be acknowledged and a reference list that give credits to the creator of the content can be placed at the bottom along with the content being used or at the last few seconds of the video. Without sticking to this rule, it is hard to tell which content is created by yourself and which is from other sources. One issue can be found at 0:17. To convey a meaning amount of content, the length of each beat should be around 10 to 15 seconds. Thus, a 90 second video should be 6 ~ 9 beats ideally. The fifth beat is 5 seconds.Feedback for Week 12:For week 12, impact could have been further explained. An avenue of impact should be clearly identified, and explicit mention of the gain for industry could have been further discussed. Also, you could cover wider perspectives such as social good, cost savings, sales targets etc instead of simply rephrasing the solution statement from the paper. For example, you could explain why this new technology can bring benefits to the industry partner(s) from several different perspectives. You add four prior arts, but it is not clear why they are relevant. You should provide justifications why the industry sector could potentially benefit from the work. You could discuss how “green companies” can benefit from the work from different perspectives. You received 43 marks for Week 10 and 11 and 9 marks for Week 12"	86.67
"Feedback for Week 7:Well done with getting all the answers right. You also managed to show how the calculations are done correctly using built-in functions. However, you need to explain all the hidden steps via detailed annotations for IQR and std. For example, you could explain the interquartile range Q1 and Q3 means for measuring the Interquartile Range. The boxplot is complete, but similar to other elements you could include the title of it with more detailed annotations.Feedback for Week 8:Regarding Week 8, You've identified a relevant hypothesis that is fairly well defined. The Null Hypothesis is appropriately related to the scenario. Independent and dependent variables are all relevant. However,  some confounding variables are difficult to be measured in an experiment (student interest orientation, student personality). Regarding Question 4, further details would be appropriate, such as a breakdown of time similar to money for the experiment. The selection of statistical test is appropriate and to the point. Some of the study's limitations are discussed, but no discussion on mitigation and future investigations.Feedback for Week 9:For this section of the assignment, your grid and the accuracy is entirely correct. However, the working out is not visible for the confusion matrix (the way you have counted each category by hand). Your justification is appropriate but could have been compared with other methods, discrimination, or sampling limits in detail. The second confusion matrix is correct and you've got correct answers for precision, recall and F1-score.You received 16 marks for Week 7, 16 marks for Week 8 and 16 marks for Week 9"	80
"Feedback for Week 2:While the work shows a decent understanding of ethics, there is a lot of scope for improvement in writing. Many grammatical and spelling errors present that slightly distract the reader from the idea being conveyed. For example ""Participants fully understand the research study: the popurese, aim, the right ofwithdrawal and implications)"". Please proof-read before submission!Feedback for Week 3:More details are required for the criteria for relevance being applied. Very little is explained in most of the justifications, which results in a weak argument. Few grammatical errors present. Additional justification for the paper rankings would have been good.You received 15.7 marks for Week 1 and 14.1 marks for Week 3."	75
"Feedback for Week 2:There are many areas of improvement for your assignment;  for example, you have summarised the research paper very broadly at the start of the assignment. However, this was not required, including the conclusion.  You only needed to focus on key ethical dimensions and discuss the definition and discussion of these dimensions associated with the research paper. As per the guideline/rubric, you should choose three ethical dimensions to write a more detailed/critical justification, but you have identified only two ethical dimensions and related issues at an abstract level in your answer, which is not sufficient for the assignment. The remaining 120+ words could have been used for this analysis.Thereby, please carefully read the assignment and the rubric marking guide before attempting to answer the question. Also, you can cite external resources where appropriate to support your arguments. In addition, please revise your writing before submission as there were a few grammatical and punctuation errors.Feedback for Week 3:You have not efficiently used the given 600 words limit to construct your answer, excluding references. The remaining 230 words could have been used for providing more detailed arguments to prove why the papers are relevant to the topic.  They could have been improved as follows: For instance, you could describe the significance of the venue, h5 index, impact factor, ranking, reviewing process in addition to relevance. It's good that you considered citation quality indicator in the first paper. You could have compared the chosen papers on their similarities/differences/the importance more critically in terms of relevance. The justifications are very abstract in your answer and roughly summarise the abstract's content, which cannot be considered a critically analysed answer. (Especially the last justification) It would help if you emphasised the connection between the two papers. If you read the given paper more closely, you'll identify how to connect the abstract with the approach/research design/focus group/concept of the key paper. As per assignment guidelines, you were supposed to rank five papers that have cited the given paper.  However, you do not explicitly explain in your own words how you ranked them in this order in addition to the numbering in the first column. It seems you ordered them randomly and missed the whole point of performing this task. In addition, pay close attention to your writing.You received 12.6 marks for Week 1 and 14 marks for Week 3."	67.5
"Feedback for Week 7:The calculation results for the population std, IQR, and sample std are all correct. However, the MATLAB command lines are not complete.  One recommendation is to put more annotations/comments along with your calculations for std and IQR using MatLab Scripts (start comments with % sign). It's good that you explain all the hidden steps as you directly used the built-in functions, but it should be written as part of the script, explaining each line. For example, you could explain what the interquartile range Q1 and Q3 means for the measure of the Interquartile Range. Also, you could have labelled the Min, Max, Q1, Q2 and Q3 on your boxplot diagram.Feedback for Week 8:For this section of the assignment, you haven't effectively stated your Hypothesis. The wordings of your H1 could have been tweaked as it is a question. As per the assignment guideline, the Hypothesis doesn't relate to the scenario. Also, Ho is similar to H1. All the variables match with H1; however, your data collection strategy doesn't include the income variable as you only talk about the before and after effects of one variable. Thereby, the independent variable should be exercise level, and the dependent variable should be heartbeat/blood pressure level. The statistical test selection is good and to the point, but it is not feasible in terms of money and time.  Better to have a breakdown as to how you are spending the money/time. Some of the study's limitations are discussed, but a little discussion on mitigation and future investigations.Feedback for Week 9:For this section of the assignment, your grid and the accuracy is entirely correct. However, the working out is not visible for the confusion matrix (the way you have counted each element by hand). Your justification is appropriate but could have been compared with other methods, discrimination, or sampling limits in detail. However, you've got correct answers for precision, recall and F1-score. You received 13 marks for Week 7, 11 marks for Week 8 and 15 marks for Week 9"	65
"Feedback for Week 4:For task 1, you selected Question 12, and you should not select it as a problematic question. You could have elaborated the suggested improvement on the questions you selected with corresponding reasons while rephrasing the problematic questions in your own words with examples. For task 2, question 2s options are quite vague. You could provide more detailed options in terms of each dimension such as studies, food-related information and transportation. To improve this, you could elaborate the reasons for choosing these questions and discuss the correlation between the questions and the research topic. use plain English where possible, and this will allow the respondent to complete the questionnaire quicklyFeedback for Week 5:How does your university help you? Is a leading question, as participants may not gain any help from the university. You may need to put this question as the sub-question of question 6. 14.Have you ever joined societies? Do you think they help you? is a double-barrelled question, you should only ask one question once and do not ask multiple questions at the same time, which is hard for the interviewee to answer your questions. Your participants may have different opinions about different societies. You should ask each society one after one to gain more details. You should also pay attention to the logic of the questions. you assume your participants would exprienced the same scenarios you described. Feedback for Week 6:Browse the website is a semantic code, which only refers to what the content that the interview participants described and stays on the surface level. The codes and themes should capture underlying ideas, patterns, and assumptions that go beyond the surface. This requires a more interpretative and conceptual orientation to the data. One suggestion to improve the codes is to revisit the data again and again after a while and try to get more familiar with the hidden insights and underlying ideas. the theme makes sense in relation to them. For code Communicate with other students, the description More than one interviewee got information from their interactions with other students does not help the readers to understand what the code means. You should have provided more a detailed explanation to describe what each code is as the limitation on words are 50 words.  This helps to understand whether each code is latent or semantic and how each code is associated with one of the themes. You received 17 marks for Week 4, 8 marks for Week 5 and 17 marks for Week 6"	71.67
"Feedback for Week 10 + 11:Your video is quite good! Well done! All elements described in the treatment appear in the video. The script uses appropriate language for the audience, and does not presume either too much or too little pre-existing knowledge. Some comments for you to improve: 1. some important contents are missing, e.g. the benefits; 2. The video style is monotonous. Too many static figures are used, which looks like a presentation. Other visuals (e.g. animation) can be used to demonstrate the points; 3. some of justifications are too general, which requires further clarification, e.g. ""00:00- 00:34""Feedback for Week 12:1. The summary is Not completely clear, could be improved. You should put more focus on describing the system (e.g. benefits) rather than introducing the background; 2 - There is mention of a problem, but its not clearly defined. 3. The impact is mentioned, but its not clear how this benefits a potential industry partner. 4. no potential commercialisation is mentioned, and not clear how this might be realised, particularly in relation to any previous questions on patents etc; 5. please explain why these industries are beneficial from this research.You received 33 marks for Week 10 and 11 and 7 marks for Week 12"	66.67
"Feedback for Week 10 + 11:Overall, you have done a good with creating the video. My main concerns were related to the length of beats and the absence of attributions where you took images and videos from other sources. In fact, some of the beats were either too short (less than 8 seconds or more than 20 seconds). The ideal length for each beat based on the total duration of the video is between 10 to 15 seconds. You could have also incorporated more live action to the video without keeping static images created by you. However, the colors, text and other effects you used were still able to grab the attention. Feedback for Week 12:Viet, overall, you have done a great job with week 12 tasks. Your answers were very specific and addressed the points asked in the questions well. Therefore, for this part of the assignment, I don't have any comments for further improvement. You received 43 marks for Week 10 and 11 and 10 marks for Week 12"	86.67
"Feedback for Week 7:For week 7, you mentioned “Population standard deviation x1 = 6.1504” and “Sample standard deviation x2 = 6.1415”. You mix up with the two values. You could adjust the X axis label, the Y axis label, the unit of the values on X and Y axes, the title and the legend of the plot with meaningful words, corresponding font size and different colour to make the plot more readable and clearer.Feedback for Week 8:For week 8, The students who have received training about Zoom features from the teaching team would prefer to take online class than on campus class is not an alternative hypothesis and “Whether the students have received training about Zoom features from the teaching team, it would not affect the students’ preferences of taking online class than on campus class” is not a null hypothesis as there are two testable variables.Feedback for Week 9:For week 9, the working out for confusion matrix is missing and the grid is correct. As for question 3, It would be better if you could further discuss accuracy and limits of sampling with detailed and reasonable justifications. For example, “The accuracy is too low to allow the wastes to be distinguished in a right label. In conclusion, the council should not purchase this system. ” To improve your work, you could also discuss the topics such as comparison with other methods, discrimination or limits of sampling in details. you should add the working out for showing how the bottles and all other categories are counted correctly.You received 15 marks for Week 7, 16 marks for Week 8 and 16 marks for Week 9"	78.33
"Feedback for Week 7:The calculation results for the population std, IQR, and sample std are all correct. However, the MATLAB command lines are not complete.  One recommendation is to put more annotations/comments along with your calculations for std and IQR using MatLab Scripts. It's good to explain all the hidden steps as you directly used the built-in functions, and it should be written as part of the script, explaining each line. For example, you could explain the interquartile range Q1 and Q3 means for measuring the Interquartile Range. Also, you could have labelled the Min, Max, Q1, Q2 and Q3 on your boxplot diagram, avoiding manual annotations.Feedback for Week 8:Regarding Week 8, You've identified a relevant hypothesis that is fairly well defined. The Null Hypothesis is appropriately related to the scenario. Independent and dependent variables are all relevant. However,  some confounding variables are difficult to be measured in an experiment(the characteristics of the student). Regarding Question 4, further details would be appropriate, such as a breakdown of time, and it should be realistic. The t-test is not appropriate in this scenario as you are attempting to reveal a relationship. Thereby, a correctional study matches your Hypothesis.  However, you have ordinal data, and you couldn’t apply a parametric test. Furthermore, it would be best to detail your assumptions based on the scenario and more discussion required for future investigations.Feedback for Week 9:All the answers are correct, but you can improve your work by elaborating more on the limitation of the applicability of accuracy metric in this problem compared to other methods. Also, you could have mentioned the sample size limitation. Furthermore, it's better to see how you have counted each element of the matrix by hand.You received 14 marks for Week 7, 15 marks for Week 8 and 14 marks for Week 9"	71.67
"Feedback for Week 7:Firstly, the calculation results for the std, IQR, and sample std are all correct. Well done! The MATLAB command lines are relatively complete.  One recommendation is the boxplot tasks require further clarifications as annotations tasks are incomplete. Please revise the values for each point (e.g. median, maximum) in the figureFeedback for Week 8:You have successfully identified a hypothesis and null hypothesis; the confounding variables also are a good match for your topic. Some further improvement can be included in the Section 4, it would be good to see more details about how to use limited budget and time to collect the data.Feedback for Week 9:You have done a wonderful job for this week! You received 17 marks for Week 7, 19 marks for Week 8 and 20 marks for Week 9"	93.33
"Feedback for Week 10 + 11:For week 10 and 11, any content that is not generated by yourself should be acknowledged and a reference list that give credits to the creator of the content can be placed at the bottom along with the content being used or at the last few seconds of the video. Without sticking to this rule, it is hard to tell which content is created by yourself and which is from other sources. One issue can be found at 0:17. To convey a meaning amount of content, the length of each beat should be around 10 to 15 seconds. Thus, a 90 second video should be 6 ~ 9 beats ideally. The fifth beat is 5 seconds.Feedback for Week 12:For week 12, impact could have been further explained. An avenue of impact should be clearly identified, and explicit mention of the gain for industry could have been further discussed. Also, you could cover wider perspectives such as social good, cost savings, sales targets etc instead of simply rephrasing the solution statement from the paper. For example, you could explain why this new technology can bring benefits to the industry partner(s) from several different perspectives. You add four prior arts, but it is not clear why they are relevant. You should provide justifications why the industry sector could potentially benefit from the work. You could discuss how “green companies” can benefit from the work from different perspectives. You received 43 marks for Week 10 and 11 and 9 marks for Week 12"	86.67
"Feedback for Week 2:There are several ways to improve your work further. First, you were supposed to discuss at least three ethical dimensions in detail and provide valid examples from the research paper to justify your claims. However, you have only described two ethical dimensions in detail. While you provided examples for the ethical dimension on ‘vulnerable research participants’, for the other ethical dimension(s), your discussions lacked examples from the study. There were also many grammatical errors that affected the readability of your submitted work. In order to improve your writing, I recommend that you seek the assistance of Monash library services and English Connect. Please do let me know if you require further clarification or feedback about your work.Feedback for Week 3:The focus of your justifications could have been based on describing aspects of the abstract and explaining why the research is relevant to the original text. Although, this is the main consideration of your assignment that need to be prioritized. However, it can be seen that you have spent more time on listing the quality indicators under each citation, which is good, but it could have been better if you focused more on constructing arguments on relevancy.  In addition,  the explanations are too long and not straightforward. Overall, you exceed the limit of 600 words (your submission contains 700+ words, and we only evaluate the first 600 words). Moreover, except for the first and fourth citations, all the other explanations are just a summary of the abstract, and I do not see that you constructed any arguments to compare and contrast both papers in terms of their approach/concept/focus groups. In this way, you can deliver more convincing arguments. As per assignment guidelines, you were supposed to rank five papers that have cited the given paper. It is good that you have added an explanation in your words why the chosen papers were ranked in that order. However, it seems your decision on the ranking is biased as you ordered them mostly on the quality indicators rather than the relevancy of the content.You received 12.6 marks for Week 1 and 12.9 marks for Week 3."	65
"Feedback for Week 7:For week 7, you have calculated the correct values for population standard deviation, IQR and sample standard deviation. The MATLAB commands with script is also complete. One recommendation is to put more clarifications along with your calculations. Also, the annotations for boxplot were missing. It would have been better if MATLAB was used to annotate boxplot.Feedback for Week 8:For week 8, you have identified the hypothesis as well as null hypothesis properly. The dependent, independent and confounding variables are a good match for your hypothesis. Limitations and future investigations have been identified properly, but some further improvements can be done to improve them.Feedback for Week 9:For week 9, the confusion matrix computed for Q(a) is correct, based on which the value for accuracy is correct. In addition, the calculation for only bottles confusion matrix is done correctly based on which values for recall, precision and f1-score are correct. You received 10 marks for Week 7, 16 marks for Week 8 and 20 marks for Week 9"	76.67
"Feedback for Week 10 + 11:For Week 10-11, the language and audio are good Chengzhi Nie. However, the story, content, and visual representation are below the expected level; video and pdf file donot match at all. For example, your video was more than 140 seconds long, but pdf plan presents only 90 seconds. All the beasts are too lengthy. Then, you have used a set of slides for all the beats, which are not matching with your writing—we only evaluate the first 90 seconds of your video and corresponding plan. In the video, we expect you to create live content and use video footage and images where possible. Your video was just a presentation, not a narrative. Please read the assignment specifications properly. Moreover, the research communication is not sufficient in terms of content (the script). You could have concluded your video in a more welcoming manner to grab the attention of potential funding bodies rather than just telling the properties/features. Also, please make sure that all assets in the video are appropriately attributed. All content needs to be acknowledged throughout your assignment, even if you use a part of an existing image created by someone else (not by yourself).Feedback for Week 12:For the week 12 task, you have discussed the background, potential solution, and the impact of the research, but almost everything is unrelated to the assignment specification. For example, there is mention of a problem, but it is not clearly defined. Also, it would be best if you framed your justification correctly while discussing the standard rules for patent decisions e.g. novelty, usefulness, with a more clear YES/No answer.  Moreover, you have described options for either commercial potential (e.g. licensing IP), or how it cannot be commercialized (e.g. open-source with invalid license), but more detail is required, i.e., not clear how this might be realized, particularly concerning any previous questions on patents. Then, at least one industry sector is identified and a short justification is given, which is somehow okay with your submission. Finally, there are few distracting spelling, punctuation, grammatical errors in your writing. Examined by Md ShamsujjohaPlease send an email to md.shamsujjoha2@monash.edu. in case of any inconsistencyYou received 14 marks for Week 10 and 11 and 4 marks for Week 12"	30
"Feedback for Week 7:Shwetank, there are several ways to improve your work further. First, while you have obtained the correct answers for first three questions, you have missed one of the assignment specifications. In other words, you were supposed to annotate the matlab script and show step by step how you achieved the results. Secondly, for the boxplot, in your annotations, you could have labelled the outliers and also the axis properly. Please pay closer attention to assignment specifications next time. Feedback for Week 8:Shwetank, there are several ways to improve your work. First, for the null hypothesis, the statement you have added is incorrect. In a null hypothesis, you have to show that there is no relationship between online class attendance and results. In addition, for question 4, 5 and 6, it would have been better if the answers were more comprehensive. For example, for question 4, you need to explicitly state what data collection you would adopt (e.g. Survey/experiment). For question 5, , you could also include the assumptions that led you to select Mann-Whitney U test to analyse your data.Feedback for Week 9:Shwetank, you have done a good job with week 9 tasks. To improve your answers better, especially, for question 1, you could have shown how did you figure out the numbers for the confusion matrix by including a screenshot of your working out.You received 12 marks for Week 7, 12 marks for Week 8 and 14 marks for Week 9"	63.33
"Feedback for Week 7:For week 7, The calculation results for the population standard deviation, sample standard deviation, interquartile values are correct with corresponding codes. The data variable “r” and “a’ could have been named more meaningful so that readers can understand the code easily. You could adjust the X axis label, the Y axis label, the unit of the values on X and Y axes, the title, and the legend of the plot with meaningful words, corresponding font size and different colour to make the plot more readable and clearer. To improve your work, you could provide the plot with annotations such as command “textarrow” for showing the max, min as well as quartile values. There is no title and labels in the plot.Feedback for Week 8:For week 8, You have successfully provided a hypothesis that relates to the scenario. it is doubtable it can be reasonably be tested, but it is too vague with no details. To improve your work, you could provide further detailed explanations for identifying at least one statistical test in order to demonstrate the understandings between parametric and non-parametric data, including discussion on assumptions applied (which is missing). The demonstration would be more persuasive if you provide clear assumptions and justifications.Feedback for Week 9:For week 9, the working out for confusion matrix is missing and the grid is correct.  As for question 3, It would be better if you could further discuss accuracy and limits of sampling with detailed and reasonable justifications. For example, “the quantity of data is not enough”. To improve your work, you could also discuss the topics such as comparison with other methods, discrimination or limits of sampling in details. you should add the working out for showing how the bottles and all other categories are counted correctly.You received 15 marks for Week 7, 15 marks for Week 8 and 16 marks for Week 9"	76.67
"Feedback for Week 10 + 11:Well done! Your video was very organised and well-articulated. Transitions between different beats were good. You presented quite clearly and it was engaging.  Your live presentation was well aligned with other visuals and contributed to the overall quality of your video and made it more communicative.Feedback for Week 12:Very well done. Overall, you have explained every section quite well. You also explored the potential conflict of this work with the existing prior art and highlighted the overlaps. The discussion of the novelty of this work compared to the existing prior art supported your recommendation to patent this work. In case of identifying industries that could benefit, you could name or refer to some particular industry rather than saying all companies will be benefited. You received 47 marks for Week 10 and 11 and 9 marks for Week 12"	95
"Feedback for Week 7:In week 7 assignment, you have correctly coded for all the required calculations, The MATLAB command scripts are complete too with very clear annotations explaining the steps by steps. On the other hand, one key recommendation, please make sure to include clear annotations within the boxplot graphs for the reader. Such as the numbers for min, mode, and max. Feedback for Week 8:Great work for week 8, the proposed hypothesis and null hypothesis is excellent. The dependent, independent, and confounding variables are a good match for your hypothesis. The test, Limitations and future investigations have been identified properly. More detail would be great to see for question 4. Feedback for Week 9:The working out for confusion matrix is clear and the grid is correct. However further working out is needed on the process of obtaining the values in the grid for question 4. All the values for your analysis are correct. Thank you for the submission. You received 15 marks for Week 7, 17 marks for Week 8 and 17 marks for Week 9"	81.67
"Feedback for Week 4:Task 1:Relevant issues are identified and valid improvements are presented. However, some of them are well above the word limit stated in the assignment template. Please check carefully in the future.Task 2:The description of the mini-topic could have used additional details. Scaling for Q1 could be better (1-3, 4-6, 6-8 etc.) Q3 is very specific and not all participants may have the same issue.Feedback for Week 5:The interview schedule is created well and considers different questions based on participant's response. The interview process could have been improved. In some cases the next question is asked directly without reacting to the participant's response, which disrupts the flow. Participant is interrupted in some cases and is leaded into providing a certain response, which is not good practice.Feedback for Week 6:Valid themes and codes are identified, however most of the codes are semantic. Latent topics could have been identified as well. Some of the code names are not well supported by the given quotes. For example, code 8 course selection has a quote that does not really match - I might've put a welcome call, but I think, Idon't recall having a lot of contact with theuniversity until I actually started in, you know,when semester one was about to start orawake that period.You received 14 marks for Week 4, 10 marks for Week 5 and 14 marks for Week 6"	63.33
sorry but the quality of the audio was very poor and I with 100% volume even could not hear any words clearly this time.	0
"Feedback for Week 4:For week 4, three out of four questions selected did not have any issues with them. Also, the improved questions could have been better. For task 2 of week 4, the title and description are described succinctly. The five questions provided are good, however, the third question written was a leading question. Also, the justification of the inclusion of the questions could have been better.Feedback for Week 5:For week 5, the interview schedule is presented which is good and covers different aspects of the topic. The type of questions written are good as it is not leading or ambiguous questions. Also, it is a good practice during the interview that you summarise the interviewees response before asking the next question as it confirms what they meant when they answered the previous question.Feedback for Week 6:For week 6, it is good that you have developed three themes with their relevant codes, but codes could have been elaborated more and few are semantic codes as well. Also, the description of codes were not provided. At the same time, the descriptions provided for themes at the end were really good and covered the main aspects of themes. Lastly, theme titles were too long, it should be a phrase rather than a sentence.You received 14 marks for Week 4, 14 marks for Week 5 and 16 marks for Week 6"	71.67
"Feedback for Week 4:For week 4, it is really good that you have identified four questions from the survey with their issues. The improvements suggested are also appropriate. Few comments - the suggestion made for the first question was not clear. Also, the improvement suggested for the second question was ambiguous as it did not tell properly the number of days or weeks in which the emails were received. For task 2 of week 4, the title and description has been described succinctly. However, the justification for questions could have been better. Also, the last question written was a leading question.Feedback for Week 5:For week 5, the interview schedule is presented which is good and covers different aspects of the topic. The type of questions written are good as it is not leading or ambiguous questions. Also, it is a good practice during the interview that you summarise the interviewees response before asking the next question as it confirms what they meant when they answered the previous question. Feedback for Week 6:For week 6, it is good that you have developed three themes with their relevant codes, but codes could have been elaborated more and few are semantic codes as well. Also, for theme 2, the codes were not related to the theme. Also, the description provided for codes could have been better, but the codes were described with appropriate quotes from the interview. At the same time, the description provided for themes at the end could have been better by explaining and justifying the meaning of the theme.You received 16 marks for Week 4, 14 marks for Week 5 and 14 marks for Week 6"	73.33
"Feedback for Week 2:For week 2, the student has identified three ethical issues along with their dimensions. The third issue of privacy and right to withdrawal are combined. It would have been better if both were explained separately with  their own examples from the original paper. Also, there are few grammatical errors such as the sentence like ""it's really ridiculous"". in the research report or findings, the language used should not be harsh and impolite. Overall, it was good assignment.Feedback for Week 3:For week 3, the student has identified five papers from the citation list and the content of the justification is solely based on abstracts. However, there is a large room to improve your argument about the relevance of these selected papers. First, you may need to provide and justify the criteria based on venue where the paper has been published, the publisher who has published the paper, who are the authors of the paper, are the author of paper renowned in their research area, what is the impact factor of the journal/conference, h-index of author and so on. Also, the ranking of papers was missing. Although it is a minor issue, but you could use some more room and more detailed examples to explain how and why you rank you papers like this.You received 14.3 marks for Week 1 and 11.1 marks for Week 3."	62.5
"Feedback for Week 7:You have correctly calculated the population Standard Deviation, Interquartile Range and sample Standard Deviation with a clear and detailed working out for all of them. The MATLAB commands are all correct, and the boxplot is also displayed appropriately, with correctly labelled axes, an appropriate title, and clear and easy-to-follow annotations.Feedback for Week 8:A hypothesis and a null hypothesis are identified and appropriately phrased. All types of variables (independent, dependent and confounding) are identified and correctly labelled with a clear data collection process. Discussions of the choice of statistical test and limitations are all well-articulated.Feedback for Week 9:The final grid of the confusion matrix is correct, but there is no clear working out shown (only final grid is shown). Accuracy has been correctly calculated and includes appropriate working out. The discussion of issues and limitations of accuracy are correct and valid. The working out for the Precision, Recall and the F1-Score are all correct, and the answers are correctly presented.You received 20 marks for Week 7, 20 marks for Week 8 and 18 marks for Week 9"	96.67
"Feedback for Week 2:For week 2, the student has identified three ethical issues from the given paper. Minor improvement - it would have been better if ethical dimensions were defined first and then explained and justified by providing examples from the given paper. Feedback for Week 3:For week 3, the student has selected five papers from the citation list and the content is based only on abstracts. A suggestion - you need to provide and justify the selection of papers based on the criteria of relevance of venue where the paper has been published, the publisher who has published the paper, who are the authors of the paper, are the author of paper renowned in their research area, what is the impact factor of the journal/conference, h-index of author and so on. Also, the justification of selecting papers could have been better instead of summarizing the abstract. Lastly, the justification of ranking of papers were missing. It is a minor issue, but it would have been a good read.You received 17 marks for Week 1 and 14.8 marks for Week 3."	80
"Feedback for Week 10 + 11:I appreciate very much your efforts in addressing the assignment brief you have been given. You have provided a good narrative on your video with a good quality on the audio. There are however some aspects of your video/video treatment that need to be further refined to make it a thorough, critical, reflective and/or professional task. Firstly, you could have contributed a bit more in making the video (like adding proper captions on the footages (you heavily relied on existing footages from the Internet), proper transition from one beat to another (the first two are using the same footage), etc.). In other words, you need to make more of your own live action content in your video to engage the investors. Secondly, the length of the beats is not proper as one of them is a bit long (it is recommended to keep all the beats between 10 to 15 seconds). Also, your voice is speeded up at times which is affecting the quality of the video. Lastly, the justification part in your treatment is lacking in depth insight to relate the content to the investors and also justify your visuals (though a couple of them were nicely discussed). Overall, good job!Feedback for Week 12:I appreciate your efforts on this task. Some of the questions are responded nicely such as the impact and the problem being tackled. However, there are some aspects of your document that need to be further refined to make it a thorough, critical, reflective and/or professional report. For example, you missed a good explanation in the technology section where you could have referred to a clear and tangible artefact or process. Also, your background is not discussing the problem and you just use some undefined terms over there. Also, for commercial potential, you could refer to licensing IP or at least show how they can/cannot commercialise the product. Overall, you did a good job but some answers should have more insights. I hope you enjoyed the unit!You received 31 marks for Week 10 and 11 and 8 marks for Week 12"	63.33
"Feedback for Week 4:For task 1 please make sure to include a clear improvement question and recommendation for the Q3/4 and Q15. The issues identified from Q3/4, Q18 are incorrect. For task 2 there are major areas to improve your survey, please make sure your survey title is clear. The introduction is vague, clearer wording is needed. Some questions can be revised. For example, question 1 is quite ambiguous and requires a clearer structure; questions 3 and 4 outline the leading question. Leading questions use biased language to nudge a survey taker toward an answer option. The main problem with those is that they might seem innocuous but have the purpose of tampering with the accuracy of survey findings. Some recommendations can include please keep questions clear and simple, do not lead the respondent to a specific answer, provide all options to a question for greater clarity. Some of your justifications are vague, e.g. question 3, 4Feedback for Week 5:Well done on transcribing your interview you also have a great outline for the interview prompts. However, there are some key recommendations to improve your overall interview assignment. For example, please make sure to also provide an introduction when you are starting your interview of the topic and background. Furthermore, it would be great to see further different question types in your interview schedule. It is especially important to ask to follow up and probing questions when you would like to get more information from participants. On the other hand, a few questions can also be more connected and relevant to the main topic. Some questions can be improved, e.g. ""5. What is the biggest difference between study in China and study in Australia;"" [leading question]Feedback for Week 6:Quotes identified from the interview script are quite good! There are some areas for improvement in your assignment. Please make sure the codes should be consistent with the themes. The key themes you have identified are vague. The codes used within the main themes may be further improved. For example, they exhibit more semantic issues rather than latent issues, e.g. code 3, 9. latent codes or themes capture underlying ideas, patterns, and assumptions. This requires a more interpretative and conceptual orientation to the data. One suggestion to improve the codes is to revisit the data and become more familiar with some underlying ideas. Some revision can also be used in your writing and language used within the codes to be more precise and clearer. Some code descriptions are vague, which cannot support your codes, e.g. Code 2, 6. Some theme descriptions are vague, which require further clarification, e.g. code 3.You received 8 marks for Week 4, 13 marks for Week 5 and 12 marks for Week 6"	53.33
"Feedback for Week 2:The student did a really good job discussing at least three ethical issues in details and relate them clearly to the related ethical dimensions. However, the student can propose a more realistic solutions to the authors in order to improve their work (if they failed to address the issue), e.g., the student did find informed consent as a valid ethical issue where they could have considered minor’s guardians to be involved in the process. Also, it was nice if you could have merged all issues under the category of each ethical dimension as e.g., you discussed the informed consent in 2 different places. Regardless, you did a good job!Feedback for Week 3:The student did a good job by identifying five relevant papers which are correctly related to the topic. Also, you did a good job on providing insightful analysis to discuss on the relation of the selected papers with the given paper clearly (linkage to the similarities, etc.). However, as part of the assignments you should have ranked the five selected papers based on the relevance of them with the given paper, which you have done it nicely. Further, the student could more generously use the material discussed in the labs to evaluate the quality of the papers including the venue, the people, and the citations. Overall, you collected and collated some useful facts, but could have elaborated further on how you interpreted these facts (e.g., in light of the different perspectives given in different sources) to better understand the relevance of the papers with the given one.You received 17.9 marks for Week 1 and 17.4 marks for Week 3."	87.5
"Feedback for Week 4:You have correctly identified problematic questions from the provided questionnaire. Each issue is clearly identified and highlights one or multiple problems. The problems have generally been correctly identified, and proposed solutions effective at removing problematic elements from each question.There are a few things to consider for potential improvement. Regarding Question 11, you correctly identify one of the issues with Q11, that it is a double-barreled question, which has been rectified, the question also suffers from being a leading question, as It implies that emails are intrusive. This issue still persists in the suggested improvement. Additionally, Question 9 is not necessarily a leading or over elaborate question, but rather one that broaches a sensitive subject, as interviewees may not wish to discuss their comfort levels or disclose if they are uncomfortable using Zoom. Regarding Task 2, the subtopic and description are appropriate, and most questions avoid any major problematic issues. The justifications are generally detailed and appropriate, although occasionally brief. Question 3 and 4 are almost overlapping.Feedback for Week 5:Regarding Task 1, the included interview schedule is generally appropriate and questions have been broken up based on subtopics/themes. There is some consideration of follow-up and clarifying questions within the schedule, although additional planning and inclusion of these types of questions would be a good inclusion, as well as an introductory background and conclusion. Regarding Task 2, the transcript appears to be completed verbatim, with appropriate labeling to differentiate between the interviewer and participant, as well as appropriate timecoding. The interview was well conducted and a good amount of follow-up and clarifying questions are asked throughout.Feedback for Week 6:Ensure that your codes are unique enough that they relate to only a single theme. If a code can be placed under more than a single theme, it means that the code is potentially too broad, or that there is too much crossover between themes and they are not sufficiently unique.For example, code 6 has the potential to be relevant to the first theme, as they both deal with obtaining information. Although some codes have latent aspects, many of the codes included are focused on a semantic level of interpretation. It would be appropriate to include further latent codes, this means looking deeper into the substance of what is being said and the underlying meaning of what has been said, as opposed to a surface level interpretation. You received 14 marks for Week 4, 17 marks for Week 5 and 16 marks for Week 6"	76.67
"Feedback for Week 10 + 11:I appreciate very much your efforts in addressing the assignment brief you have been given. You have provided a good narrative on your video with a good quality on the audio. There are however some aspects of your video/video treatment that need to be further refined to make it a thorough, critical, reflective and/or professional task. Firstly, there is lack of absolute live action content in your video and you heavily relied on static images in your video which is not based on the requirements of the task. You could also have made your content more interesting for the investors by showing how effectively this research can address the problems where the investors may want to invest (this is different to present a paper in a conference). This should also be reflected in your justification for each beat where you can show how each beat can engage the investors accompanied with your justification about the visual being used. Also, the length of the beats is inconsistent as one of them is a bit long (it is recommended to keep all the beats between 10 to 15 seconds). Lastly, your treatment is not matched with the video and also your video is not trimmed nicely as there is a black gap at the end.Feedback for Week 12:I appreciate your efforts on this task. Some of the questions are responded better in comparison to the others such as the potential solution and the impact of the research. However, there are some aspects of your document that need to be further refined to make it a thorough, critical, reflective and/or professional report. For example, you need to be more specific and provide your own insights on the problem being tackled and the technologies which are related (being used) to this research (you just named them). Also, for the conflict section, you need to find at least one prior art which is related to this research (and there are as we carefully selected our papers). Overall, some of your responses need more insights to fully address the question.You received 24 marks for Week 10 and 11 and 7 marks for Week 12"	51.67
"""Feedback for Week 10 + 11:The audio is good, some more clear and connecting visuals can have been implemented throughout the assignment. For example, the first visual is quite general. A live video would have been good to see here! The other images are also quite general for the research. Thus, the segments require more live content. Also, the audio was too fast in the video. Also, the length of beats should be between 10-15 seconds. Lastly, the length of video was longer than 90 seconds.Feedback for Week 12:For week 12 part, the impact of the product on the investors was not clear. It would have been a good read if details were included like what the product can do to make investors successful.You received 28 marks for Week 10 and 11 and 10 marks for Week 12"""	63.33
"Feedback for Week 4:Thanks for your response regarding the tasks. For the first task, you have selected 4 clear questions from the interview and identified the issues they have accompanied with your suggestion how they can improve them. There is no major issue here; however, I recommend you to more generously describe the improvement and make a new question to show how he issue can be removed from the questions. For the second task, all questions are developed nicely without any major issues. However, the topic description is still a bit broad and not clear how it is related to the main topic. This is also reflected in the description of the questions where you can improve your justification to highlight more in-depth facts why those questions are beneficial and related to the main research topic. Feedback for Week 5:You did a good job on proposing several questions in your interview schedule. I recommend you in order to further develop your task, try to organise your questions in a table format and put related questions in each subsection (e.g., I cannot see if the participant does not have any issue what the follow up question is). I also recommend you to more generously use open-ended questions in your interview though you picked a very experienced person to answer your questions in details. For conducting the interview, you did a great job and everything went smoothly. You nicely avoided summarising a response to check you understood what was said or asking for clarification (of meaning) about a response. However, at times you did lead the questioning, e.g., It sounds very uncomfortable, you must feel very lonely, does this impress you?.Feedback for Week 6:Overall, you did a good job in task 1. I could not find any major issues there as you nicely made your code and categorised them under related themes, well-done! The only minor point was about your codes where some are still can be improved to be more specific and being more latent (e.g., Information from students with same subject). Task 2 is generally nicely done; however, you could have elaborated a bit more on the description of the code. In terms of task 3, you needed to make sure that the description of the themes has a deeper justification to relate each theme to the wider theme. I hope you can keep it up for the next assignment. Good job!You received 15 marks for Week 4, 11 marks for Week 5 and 17 marks for Week 6"	73.33
"Feedback for Week 4:You were able to identify 4 problematic questions and provide good improvement suggestions for all of them. Your questionnaire questions are also good, very specific and the multiple choice responses are very well structured. For improvement, Q5 in Task 1: it would be better to use a 5 or 7 point scale (instead of 3) to measure the students satisfaction with the onboarding process. (So add Highly Dissatisfied and Highly Satisfied on both ends.)Feedback for Week 5:Overall, you were able to conduct a good interview, and you were able to create a wide range of questions in your interview schedule. It is also good that you were able to ask suitable follow-up questions. Here are some suggestions for improvement. You had too many questions in the interview schedule (about 12 in total) which can put pressure on you to ask all the questions during the interview (of course it's fine if you manage to ask all the questions) and this might hinder the quality of data you get through your interview. It's better to keep the interview schedule more or less open and flexible so that you can adjust your questions based on your interviewee's answers.Feedback for Week 6:You identified a group of codes based on the given transcripts and grouped them into broader themes. While many of your codes were latent and represented deeper interpretations of the transcript, some of the codes you identified (e.g codes 1 and 2) were semantic rather than latent, and only scratched the surface of the transcripts and refer directly to what the respondents had said. Moreover, Some of your code names were a bit too long. Try to keep both your code and theme names as concise and broad as possible, and try to use the phrase format for your codes.You received 20 marks for Week 4, 20 marks for Week 5 and 19 marks for Week 6"	98.33
"""Feedback for Week 4:For week 4, it is really good that you have identified questions from the survey with their issues. The improvements suggested are also appropriate. There are few improvements which can be done to make the improved question better. For example, the second question identified did not have any issues with it. also, the improved questions could have been better as the third question was not clear in wordings. For task 2 of week 4, the title and description has been described succinctly. The five questions provided for the topic were clear. Also, the questions along with their justifications could have been better.Feedback for Week 5:For week 5, the interview schedule is presented which is good and covers different aspects of the topic. The type of questions written are good, but few questions were leading. Also, it is a good practice during the interview that you summarise the interviewee’s response before asking the next question as it confirms what they meant when they answered the previous question.Feedback for Week 6:For week 6, it is good that you have developed three themes with their relevant codes, but unfortunately, all the codes identified are semantic codes. The requirement for this task was to identify latent codes. Also, the description of codes was appropriate, but the quotes provided could have been better represented by using double quotes (""""....""""). Lastly, the description of themes could have been better by defining what the theme is about.You received 17 marks for Week 4, 20 marks for Week 5 and 16 marks for Week 6"""	88.33
"Feedback for Week 2:You were able to identify a number of valid ethical issues from the paper and link them back to the relevant dimensions. Your submission is of overall good quality, and your arguments are well-articulated. Suggestions for further improvement include: - The quality of your submission could be improved by providing concrete examples from the paper for each of the ethical issues you raised. -- It would have been interesting to look at the issues from different angles and link them to multiple dimensions. - Please pay more attention to grammatical and spelling errors as they can be quite distracting.Feedback for Week 3:You have identified 5 papers that have cited Hailpern et. al’s paper, and ranked them based on their relevance. Here are some suggestions for improvement: - Your justifications include multiple criteria to judge relevance such as venue, authors and number of citations. However, these criteria are merely stated and it is not clear how they tie together and make the paper relevant and/or justify its ranking. - The justifications discuss the relevance of these papers, but there is no mention of the reasoning behind the ranking. An improvement for the justifications would be to include an elaboration on why each paper was ranked as such.You received 17.9 marks for Week 1 and 19.7 marks for Week 3."	95
"Feedback for Week 7:You made a good attempt but some areas of your assignment needs improvements. For example, your annotations needed to be more detailed which would more support your calculations. You did not specify the sample std rather than you just said std. You aso did not annotate the axis of your boxplot which was also a mandatory requirement for this assignment. Feedback for Week 8:Your hypothesis and null hypothesis as well as the variables needs refinements. Your statistical test section as well as the limitations of the research section needed improvements.. Feedback for Week 9:Very well done. You have presented the working for the confusion grid. Your calculated results as accuracy, precision, Recall and the F1-score are correct. You also presented the working behind those calculations. You received 14 marks for Week 7, 18 marks for Week 8 and 20 marks for Week 9"	86.67
"Feedback for Week 2:There are many areas of improvement for your assignment- As per the guideline/rubric, you should choose three ethical dimensions to write a more detailed/critical justification. You have identified only two ethical dimensions and related issues in your answer, which is not sufficient for the assignment. Thereby, please carefully read the assignment and the rubric marking guide before attempting to answer the question. Also, you can cite external resources where appropriate to support your arguments/provide definitions. In addition, please revise your writing before submission as there were a few grammatical and punctuation errors.Feedback for Week 3:Good selection of papers in the second part. However, many areas of improvement would have been great to see more criteria applied to your research justification as you mainly summarise the chosen article. But the justification is too short and straightforward, doesn't reflect the connection between the two papers. To improve your answer, you could have constructed solid arguments to compare and contrast both papers in terms of their approach/concept/focus groups. We expect a high-level, critically analysed justification required here. In this way, you could present the association between the two papers. It's good that you list quality indicators, but listing the name of the conf/Journal is not sufficient. There are many other quality criteria attached to it (H5-index, significance, acceptance rate, ranking). As per assignment guidelines, you were supposed to rank five papers that have cited the given paper based on both relevancy and quality indicators, which cannot be found in your answer. Please remember to clearly outline why specific papers are ranked first, second, etc.You received 13.6 marks for Week 1 and 14.2 marks for Week 3."	70
"Feedback for Week 2:You were able to identify a number of valid ethical issues from the paper and link them back to the relevant dimensions.. Suggestions for further improvement include: - It would have been interesting to look at the issues from different angles and link them to multiple dimensions. - The quality of your submission could benefit from a further in-depth discussion of each ethical issue identified through providing recommendations on how to improve the research design (instead of just stating the issue as it appeared in the paper).Feedback for Week 3:You have identified 5 papers that have cited Hailpern et. al’s paper, and ranked them based on their relevance. Here are some suggestions for improvement: - The relevance ranking you provided is not clear. What criteria did you use to come up with this ranking? - The justifications briefly discuss the relevance of these papers to the research question in terms of their topics, but there is very little discussion of other indicators of quality (such as venue, citations and authors). - Please pay more attention to grammatical errors and try to employ an academic writing style for this type of assignment.You received 16.7 marks for Week 1 and 17.5 marks for Week 3."	85
"Feedback for Week 2:You identified some very relevant ethical issues related to the context of the set reading but you did not adequately discuss all the ethical dimensions that you mentioned.  For example, you talked about  deception in your final paragraph but you did not explain it enough. you could consider introducing the key ethical dimensions to the reader before situating that in the context of the set reading. You could also discuss  why is important for researchers to follow ethical data practices and what makes these ethical dimensions significant in the context of that particular study. In terms of the quality of writing, please make sure to check your work for formal and academic writing, try to avoid unclear and complex sentences. Specifically, a few sentences can be further outlined to overall improve your discussion. E.g., within your sentence ""Though the children have been given pseudonyms and their schools and locations are not divulged, the fact the video/audio recordings still exist may impact on confidentiality and depending how it is stored/distributed may also be an invasion of privacy"". This sentence is hard to read, you can remove any unnecessary word and can split it into two sentences.Feedback for Week 3:It was great that you have found and organised five relevant papers. Some further improvements may have been included in terms of outlining and explaining your justifications for ranking. This will help the reader to understand the justification for ranking more accurately.  it is not clear what particular aspect of relevance you considered to rank papers from 1 to 5. You could use more room and more detailed examples to explain how and why you rank your papers like that.You received 12.8 marks for Week 1 and 17.3 marks for Week 3."	75
"Feedback for Week 4:For task 1 please make sure to include a clear improvement question and recommendation for the Q4 and Q11. The issues identified from survey questions are relatively correct, well done! For task 2 there are major areas to improve your survey, your survey title and The introduction is clear. Some questions can be revised. For example, question 3 is quite ambiguous and requires a clearer structure. Some recommendations can include please keep questions clear and simple, do not lead the respondent to a specific answer, provide all options to a question for greater clarity. Some of your justifications are vague, which require further clarification, e.g. question 2. 3Feedback for Week 5:Well done on transcribing your interview you also have a great outline for the interview prompts. However, there are some key recommendations to improve your overall interview assignment. For example, please make sure to also provide an introduction when you are starting your interview of the topic and background. Furthermore, it would be great to see further different question types in your interview schedule. It is especially important to ask to follow up and probing questions when you would like to get more information from participants. On the other hand, a few questions can also be more connected and relevant to the main topic. Some questions can be improved, e.g. ""How do students collaborate on team project or study?"" [Double-barrelled question]Feedback for Week 6:Quotes identified from the interview script are quite good! Good discussions on theme descriptions! There are some areas for improvement in your assignment. Please make sure the codes should be consistent with the themes. Good work in choosing key themes, as the key themes you have identified are distinct from other themes. The codes used within the main themes may be further improved. For example, they exhibit more semantic issues rather than latent issues, e.g. code 1, 3. latent codes or themes capture underlying ideas, patterns, and assumptions. This requires a more interpretative and conceptual orientation to the data. One suggestion to improve the codes is to revisit the data and become more familiar with some underlying ideas. Some revision can also be used in your writing and language used within the codes to be more precise and clearer. Some code descriptions are vague, which require further clarification, e.g. Code 2, 9.You received 14 marks for Week 4, 11 marks for Week 5 and 15 marks for Week 6"	66.67
"Feedback for Week 10 + 11:The video you have produced communicates the research you're pitching through visuals and the use of somewhat clear language and dialogue. Here are some suggestions for improvement: - You are highly encouraged to try and use more live footage of your own creation as it makes the video more engaging (not just picture in picture). - Three segments in your video treatment plan are longer than the recommended 10-15s range (rows 2, 3 and 4), and some of the timings in the table do not match the actual timing in the video. - The assets that you used (picture/animation in the second segment) don’t seem to be attributed anywhere in the video or in the treatment plan. Feedback for Week 12:Below are feedback and suggestions for improvement for your Impact Declaration: Summary/Background, the problem statement, potential solution and impact of the research are all clear. For patent potential, only a minimal justification is provided and there is no reference to the policy for patent decisions such as novelty and usefulness. Also, there is no reference to existing prior art. Commercial potential section could be improved with further explanation/examples.You received 28 marks for Week 10 and 11 and 8 marks for Week 12"	60
"Feedback for Week 7:For week 7, The values for population and sample standard deviation are not correct. NA values should not be replaced by 0 so the population and sample standard deviation is not correct. Instead, when you selected a single metric from the data set, the first step of analysing the data should be about data wrangling and cleaning. For example, you should have removed all undefined or unrepresentable values, e.g. using function remissing, from the dataset before processing the data. For the plot, to improve your work, you could provide the plot with annotations such as command “textarrow” for showing the max, min and quartile values.Feedback for Week 8:For week 8, there are three independent variables mentioned and two Dependent variables mentioned, which make the test hard to process. “Physical Condition” is not a vague term. The strategy for collecting the data should put into consideration both financial allocation and time allocation at least. To improve the work, you could talk about how you decide a justifiable amount of time you want to spend and a reasonable amount of money for each step of data collection process.Feedback for Week 9:For week 9, the working out for confusion matrix is missing and the grid is correct. Accuracy is not correct. As for question 3, It would be better if you could further discuss accuracy and limits of sampling with detailed and reasonable justifications. For example, “the problem is the machine actually classifies correctly each product of recycling but only considering it as a group. ”. To improve your work, you could also discuss the topics such as comparison with other methods, discrimination or limits of sampling in details. You received 13 marks for Week 7, 16 marks for Week 8 and 16 marks for Week 9"	75
"Feedback for Week 4:Regarding Task 1, a good selection of problematic questions, and you have accurately identified the issues lie within those questions with strong arguments. Your answer to the Q5 can be further improved by providing more options as the given answers are unclear. Also, you need to mention whether Q5 and Q3 questions are improved in a way to have another set of answers or to keep it open-ended, which is unstated in here. Regarding Task 2, the sub-topic and the description accurately related to the title. Also, the questions are carefully designed without any major issue.Feedback for Week 5:For the interview schedule, you have provided many questions about the topic though we asked you to prepare six prompts. I recommend you to make fewer questions as the participant have more space and time to go more deeply into the topics than sticking to short answers to many different questions. Please note that when you ask a lot of questions, you might lead the interviewee. However, It is good that all your main questions, follow-up/probing questions, do not include any problematic factors, and they are not sensitive or complex. For the second task, as a good practice, try to summarise the responses at times to make sure they/you understood what was said/what you heard. However, it's good that you tried to clarify some of the responses. Also, some of the questions are closed, and there were no opportunities for the interviewee to expand. Q15 and Q13 are some of the examples of it.Feedback for Week 6:In this section of the assignment, I can see that most of the codes describe semantic(surface level) issues, but some are latent. It could be better if you tried to extract the underline meaning of most of the responses in generating latent codes. However, you have accurately listed three distinct themes, and they are relevant to the interview topic, broad enough to contain a set of codes.You received 18 marks for Week 4, 18 marks for Week 5 and 18 marks for Week 6"	90
"Feedback for Week 2:You have demonstrated an understanding of the relevant ethical issues. However, there are some areas of improvement. For example, you could have discussed the most significant ethical dimensions (that you think) in more detail rather than a detailed general introduction and conclusion. As there is a word limit, it is better not to spend your words much for a general introduction or conclusion. You could focus more on introducing the ethical dimensions as well as discussing them in the context of the set reading. To improve the quality of your writing, you needed to avoid unclear and wordy sentences. For example, the following sentence is difficult to read: ""Ethical, legal and social issues should be put into research as research aims to provide truth, knowledge of the topic and also helps in avoiding of the errors"". You could think about splitting into different simple sentences for easier reading.Feedback for Week 3:There are several things that you could consider to improve your assignment. The papers you had listed, were not in the Google Scholar cited by list. However, it was clearly mentioned in the assignment guidelines that you needed to use Google Scholar for that task. For individual paper selection, you did not quite clearly discuss why you had selected that particular paper. Your justifications were very brief where you could have more highlight the issues related to that paper. Similarly, you have not discussed the reasons for your ranking from paper 1 to 5. You could have mentioned how you have ranked those papers. This would help the reader to understand your justification for ranking.You received 13.7 marks for Week 1 and 10.2 marks for Week 3."	60
"Feedback for Week 10 + 11:Visual imagery and communication/engagement throughout is minimal. It appears as though only static imagery akin to slides have been incorporated with live action footage limited to constant narration. No stock footage has been used and live-action video is minimal, as a result the submitted video is essentially a slideshow with narration, not a properly edited video as was required in the assignment specifications. It would have been appropriate to incorporate elements of live action recording interspersed throughout the video to improve overall engagement and communication.Some of the beats provided in the video treatment are inappropriate in terms of duration. For a video of 90 seconds long, beats should be roughly 15~ seconds in duration and no less than 10 seconds. The video treatment matches up with the final video well, with content, script and visuals from the treatment accurately represented.The ‘Justification’ column of the video treatment includes overly brief responses. Each justification provided should pay reference to how the audience, content, and visuals and how they tie to an overarching narrative.Feedback for Week 12:The ‘Summary/Background’ is somewhat general and should provide further details specifically related to research being conducted and specific outcomes.‘Problem being tackled’ has not been appropriately defined, the response should highlight problems raised in the paper, such as low participation, drop out rates, etc.‘Potential Solutions’ should be defined based on the problems raised in the previous question.‘Impact/How does it make an industry partner successful’ should explicitly define an industry partner when describing the impacts listed. Regarding ‘Technology being used’, specific tangible technologies should be defined (even a seemingly obvious technologies required to use the MOOCs, such as webcam/microphone or desktop/laptop with internet connection).Under ‘Potential for a patent’, your response needs to address all of the patent criteria (Novel, Useful and Non-Obvious). The response for ‘Prior Art’ provides no examples or explanations of prior art related to the research.‘Commercial potential of research’ lacks detail. If the output of the research can be commercialized, aspects such as licensing or IP should be discussed.You received 31 marks for Week 10 and 11 and 5 marks for Week 12"	60
"Feedback for Week 10 + 11:I appreciate very much your efforts in addressing the assignment brief you have been given. You have provided a good narrative on your video with a good quality on the audio. There are however some aspects of your video/video treatment that need to be further refined to make it a thorough, critical, reflective and/or professional task. Firstly, you could have contributed a bit more in making the video (like adding proper captions on the footages (you heavily relied on existing footages from the Internet), etc.). In other words, you need to make more of your own live action content in your video to engage the investors. Secondly, the length of the beats is not proper as one of them is very short (it is recommended to keep all the beats between 10 to 15 seconds). Lastly, the justification part in your treatment is lacking in depth insight to relate the content to the investors and also justify your visuals. Overall, good job!Feedback for Week 12:I appreciate your efforts on this task. Some of the questions are responded nicely such as the impact. However, there are many aspects of your document that need to be further refined to make it a thorough, critical, reflective and/or professional report. You need to provide insight and justify each answer to make sure you fully address it. For example, for the conflict section, you need to find at least one prior art (and clearly mention the link to that prior art) which is related to this research (and there are as we carefully selected our papers) and mention the link to that prior art in your response. Overall, your responses were mostly short (you could have used 50 words) and abstract and some do not have proper justification.You received 34 marks for Week 10 and 11 and 6 marks for Week 12"	66.67
"Feedback for Week 4:Thanks for your response regarding the tasks. For the first task, you have selected 4 clear questions from the interview and identified the issues they have accompanied with your suggestion how they can improve them. You did a good job on this task with some room for further development. You need to provide a clearer improvement to remove the issues of the questions as to be honest your improvements made other issues at times, e.g., Turn the question into Why was the on-boarding process make you feel uncomfortable? is still a leading question, etc. Also, for the second task, question 1 is ambiguous question 5 is a multiple content question as it is not clear if they should answer if they like it or if they do not like it, even if they answer one how you can make sure they are answering to which. Further, generally speaking your questions could have a better clarification as well. Therefore, you can improve your justification to highlight more in-depth facts why those questions are beneficial and related to the main research topic.Feedback for Week 5:You have prepared your interview schedule with a variety of different questions. Most questions are clear and I could not find any major issues in them. However, I recommend you to more generously use open-ended questions in your interview as you can see at times the participant have short answers which are lacking details. Lastly, I recommend you to make sure you use some spell-checking tools (such as Grammarly) to make sure you avoid distracting spelling, punctuation, and grammatical errors. E.g., you had Huh.Do you still think the aeration aeration systems is too complex? which has a couple of mistakes there. Overall, you did a good job.Feedback for Week 6:Thanks for your answers in these tasks as you nicely identified three different themes and put 3 different codes under each of them. However, some of your codes are still semantic or not well-defined and you needed to refine them to make them more latent. You need to avoid very long codes such as Some student groups, organizations and tutors in the university will provide information to new students.. The minor issue you had with the task 2, is the lack of detailed description for a few codes such as code 7 as they are either a bit broad or not clear. Lastly, your justification for task 3 can be improved to have more depth and to be clearly discussed why this matters to the wider theme.You received 14 marks for Week 4, 13 marks for Week 5 and 16 marks for Week 6"	71.67
"Feedback for Week 2:First, I will discuss the positive aspects in your work. You have described more than three ethical dimensions applicable for the study and most of those dimensions were explained well. For example, the section on informed consent and psychological abuse had good insights and examples from the study. Yet, I have a few suggestions for further improvement. First, pay attention to your writing skills. There were several grammatical errors in the submitted work. You can get additional support from Monash library services and English Connect to improve your writing skills. Secondly, at the end of your work, you mentioned that the researchers used the real names of children in their publication. However, there is a note in the publication indicating that the names included in the paper are made-up names. So, make sure that you recheck your statements prior to submission. Feedback for Week 3:There are several ways to improve your work further. It is good that you identified five papers that have cited the given paper and ranked them based on the venue of publication and the content of abstracts. However, your justifications could have included explicit statements as to how these papers relate to the research question we provided in the assignment. Further, while you described the credibility of the first three research papers, for the last two, you simply mentioned the name of the venue of publication. You could discuss how the venue of publication helped you to determine the ranking of each paper you selected. You received 16.5 marks for Week 1 and 17.2 marks for Week 3."	85
"Feedback for Week 4:Regarding Task 1, a good selection of problematic questions and accurately identifying the issues lie within those questions with strong arguments. In terms of refining the questions/answers, better to add 'other' option for Q2; you may change the suggested second improvement to ""tick all that apply related to the University on-board process based on your experience""  to avoid some leading factors/negativity. Also, the time factor is missing as per week/month in Q11, and it is still a double-barrelled question. Regarding Task 2, all the questions are carefully designed without any major issue and organised in sound logical order. Feedback for Week 5:For the interview schedule, you have provided many questions related to the topic though we asked you to prepare six prompts. I recommend you to make fewer questions as the participant have more space and time to go more deeply to the topics than sticking to short answers to many different questions. Please note that when you make a lot of questions, you might lead the interviewee. However, It is good that all your main questions, followup/probing questions do not include any problematic factors, and they are not sensitive or complex. For the second task, as a good practice, summarise the responses at times to make sure they/you understood what was said/what you heard.Feedback for Week 6:In this section of the assignment, I can see that some of the codes are describing latent issues, but most of them are semantic (surface level). One strategy for creating latent codes is to go through the transcripts several times and make sure that you have gone beyond the surface meaning of the data. Try to use your own judgement and knowledge about the subject area of the interview to understand whether you can make more meaning out of the responses. It is good that you were able to identify three distinct themes from your codes. However, the second and third themes seem to overlap the way you've written, though the codes are different. Also, the justification of theme 1 needs to be detailed. You received 18 marks for Week 4, 20 marks for Week 5 and 18 marks for Week 6"	93.33
"Feedback for Week 10 + 11:Overall, good attempt. However, some improvements are needed. You could improve your visuals to make your video more engaging to the audience. You could think about adding live videos in some sections to make your video more communicative. Your justification section needs improvement. You Have not discussed enough why you have chosen your visuals for different beats. You could also consider designing 7 to 8 beats rather than 5. Standard 10 to 15-sec beat would allow you to think about more concise dialogue and visuals rather than showing one static image for a long. Feedback for Week 12:Well done! You have well presented the summary, problem being tackled, potential solutions, and the technology being used. However, there are some areas of improvement. You recommended for patenting but your justifications did not discuss much the novelty of the work. You have also talked about the potential conflict of this work with the existing prior art. However, it would be better if you could add links of prior works and more relate the novelty of the work to justify the patenting.You received 32 marks for Week 10 and 11 and 9 marks for Week 12"	68.33
"Feedback for Week 7:The calculation results for the population std, IQR, and sample std are all correct. The majority of MATLAB command lines are complete.  One recommendation is to put more annotations/comments along with your calculations for IQR similar to std. For example, you could explain the interquartile range Q1 and Q3 means for measuring the Interquartile Range. Also, you could have labelled the outliers, Min, Max, Q1, Q2 and Q3 on your boxplot diagram using MatLab script.Feedback for Week 8:For this section of the assignment, you have not effectively stated your Hypothesis. The wordings could have been tweaked as it is partly clear if you count the number of students as your independent variable. I believe you could test two different groups of students under this scenario to apply the t-test. However, you need to change your Hypothesis if you wish to test the hours spent on video chat vs hours spent on the online course in applying the Wilcoxon Signed Rank test. One of these scenarios is applicable, but you need to properly explain it as you are mixing a parametric test with a non-parametric test.  Also, your data collection strategy is not feasible in terms of time.  Better to have a breakdown as to how you are spending the time/money. Also, try to omit confounding variables from your experiment that are hard to be measured (e.g.:Effect of online course impacts on hours of video chat).Feedback for Week 9:For this section of the assignment, your grid and the accuracy is entirely correct. However, the working out is not visible for the confusion matrix (the way you have counted each element by hand). Your justification is appropriate but could have been compared with other methods, discrimination, or sampling limits in detail. The second confusion matrix is not present, and you do not demonstrate how categories are merged. Also, you need to include the formulas for precision/recall, and you only required to compute the precision/recall/F1-score for class B, not for all. However, you've got correct answers for precision, recall and F1-score.You received 17 marks for Week 7, 15 marks for Week 8 and 17 marks for Week 9"	81.67
"Feedback for Week 2:You’ve highlighted mostly appropriate and relevant ethical dimensions throughout. Most issue are described in some detail and provides some relevant examples of potential problematic ethical issues throughout. Some of the ethical issues would benefit from further use of further explicit examples. For example, it’s stated that the research is dealing with vulnerable participants which is correct, but then broadly discusses the possible impacts of using such participants, it would be more appropriate to have a direct, explicit example from the research to demonstrate issues related to vulnerable participants.Similarly, deception has been highlighted as an ethical dimension, but there is no explicit explanation as to how this relates to the research conduct within the text.The introduction and conclusion are slightly broad and given the limited word count, would have been better spent expanding on the issues you discovered.Feedback for Week 3:All of the papers chosen appear to be from resources listed outside of Google Scholar citations. The assignment required you to find works which have since cited the paper after its publication using Google Scholar.  For example, the first paper listed was published in 1968, but the original paper was published in 2012, so there is no way that text from 1968 could have possibly cited something released in 2012. Please make sure to read all assignment criteria carefully before submission. In terms of improvements, the justifications themselves need to describe why you ranked each paper in the order of relevance that you’ve chosen. Justifications need further discussion as to why the papers are ranked in terms of relevance and there should be contrast and comparison explaining why you have ranked the texts in the order you’ve chosen beyond merely stating what makes the texts relevant.  For example, why is the first paper you’ve chosen considered more relevant than the second or third? Why is the fifth paper the least relevant on your list and not the fourth? Your justification should address these types of questions.You received 11 marks for Week 1 and 11.6 marks for Week 3."	57.5
"Feedback for Week 7:Your calculations for population standard deviation, sample standard deviation and IQR have all been calculated correctly. The accompanying MATLAB script appears to utilize the correct commands, in the correct order and each line is clearly annotated explaining what it does. The boxplot has been well produced and includes all of the appropriate annotations. A screenshot of both the commands in MATLAB and the finalized boxplot itself have been included. MATLAB script is in the correct order and provides appropriate annotations.Feedback for Week 8:The proposed hypothesis is phrased poorly, and should be in the form of a concise statement that makes a claim regarding a measurable phenomenon. Additionally, it was required to be related to the survey topic (which exercise time does not). Q3 required a dependent, independent and 3 confounding variables. Only 2 confounding variables have been provided, and the independent variable is irrelevant to testing the hypothesis. A collection process has been somewhat defined but requires additional details. For example, there should be an explanation as to how the data will be collected from students, and some consideration of financial factors beyond incentives. Avoid using first person language in academic writing and assignment submission (such as ""From my point of view""). You should be writing using neutral language and a neutral tone wherever possible.Feedback for Week 9:The confusion matrix has been correctly calculated and displayed in a clear manner. Accuracy has been calculated correctly, with appropriate working out included that is both clear and valid.Justifications touches on both accuracy and limits of sampling size. Recall, Precision and F1-Score have all been calculated correctly and include correct working out. You received 18 marks for Week 7, 10 marks for Week 8 and 16 marks for Week 9"	73.33
"Feedback for Week 2:There are some areas from improvement which incorporate: when you are suggesting new ethical dimensions such as informing consent,  choice of withdrawal and confidentiality ethic concern, please make sure to introduce the reader to these key ethical dimensions. Also, to provide further information on why it is important for researchers to follow ethical data practices and what makes these ethical dimensions significant in this case? In terms of the quality of writing, please make sure to check your work for formal and academic writing, try to avoid asking questions within your statement, first apply evidence to support your suggestions. Specifically, a few sentences can be further outlined to overall improve your discussion. E.g., within your sentence ""we did not read detail information about informing consent to guardians"", this sentence should be further elaborated within your discussion. Feedback for Week 3:It is good that you have identified five relevant papers. However, there are some recommendations to improve  your argument about the relevance of these selected papers. First, you may provide more detailed examples to prove why the papers are relevant to the topic but not just simply summarize the abstract. In addition, you could improve the argument by provide more explanations. For example, in the 4th justification, you mentioned an example that ""Although it does not actually provide methodology for design, but the understanding and analysis is crucial for further research to find a better solution"". You should explain why this content can prove that the article is related to the original article. Overall, you could use more room and more detailed examples to explain how and why you rank your papers like this.You received 16 marks for Week 1 and 9.8 marks for Week 3."	65
"Feedback for Week 2:You have identified and described the most significant ethical issues that arise as a result of the research, and descriptions of those potential issues are mostly detailed. There are brief mentions of potential ways the research can be altered or improved to avoid these ethical issues, and further elaboration on this would have been a good inclusion. An appropriate inclusion would be a slightly more detailed discussion of potential solutions that can be applied to the research design to improve or remove the ethical issues raised. It would be appropriate for each example that you’ve raised to be explicitly tied to the ethical dimensions. In terms of quality of writing, it is finely written and easy to follow, but there were very few mistakes in terms of grammar, spelling, punctuation...  Also, have a thought about how the ethical aspects would have been improved by providing some suggestions on your own words. Overall, good work for this part.Feedback for Week 3:Good selection of papers, but it would have been great to see more criteria applied to your justification as you mainly summarise the chosen article. To improve your answer, you could have constructed solid arguments to compare and contrast both papers in terms of their approach/concept/focus groups, not just how it talks about autism and ASD.  As per assignment guidelines, you were supposed to rank five papers that have cited the given paper based on both relevancy and quality indicators. An analysis of the research papers based on quality indicators would have been good to read (Venue related quality criterion - significance, acceptance rate, h5 index, impact factor, ranking). You also need to mention each paper's ranking, which is missing here, but please remember to clearly outline why specific papers are ranked first, second, etc.You received 17.1 marks for Week 1 and 14.6 marks for Week 3."	80
"Feedback for Week 7:Virhan, there are several ways to improve your work further. First, if we consider your matlab scripts, it is important that you first start the analysis with data wrangling. This has resulted in produced wrong answers for population standard deviation. Finally, when it comes to the boxplot, you could have also taken effort to annotate the outlines and lower and higher quartiles of the graph. Feedback for Week 8:Virhan, there are several way to improve week 8 answers. First, while you have clearly stated the hypotheses, your variables should be further clarified. For example, you have listed students mental health issues under dependent variables. Is it a dependent variable or a confounding variable (based on your proposed hypothesis)? The test you have selected should also be justified using more factors (e.g. How did you determine that the data will be normally distributed?).Feedback for Week 9:Virhan, the first part of week  9 tasks was done well with a step by step account of how you achieved the results. However, your answers for the last task were not calculated properly. Please revisit the unit materials and read the questions carefully. Further, for question question 3, you could also discussed the limits of sampling that makes accuracy inappropriate. You received 13 marks for Week 7, 17 marks for Week 8 and 10 marks for Week 9"	66.67
"Feedback for Week 7:For week 7, the formulae for standard deviations and IQR were correct, but the answers were incorrect. Also, the script could have been better. Also, the box plot was clearly visible, but the annotations were done manually. It would have been better if MATLAB commands were used for annotations.Feedback for Week 8:For week 8, the null hypothesis could have been better and related to the alternative hypothesis. Also, the limitations and future research discussed could have been explained better.Feedback for Week 9:For week 9 , the confusion matrix was correct, but the value for accuracy had to be computed for everything, not individually. Also, the matrix for only bootles was correct and values for precision, recall and f1-score were correct.You received 9 marks for Week 7, 17 marks for Week 8 and 20 marks for Week 9"	76.67
"Feedback for Week 4:You have correctly identified problematic questions from the provided questionnaire. Each issue is clearly identified and highlights one or multiple problems. The problems have been correctly identified, and proposed solutions effective at removing problematic elements from each question.Regarding Task 2, the subtopic is appropriate, the description, albeit brief provides good detail. Questions included avoid any major problematic issues. Q1 is problematic due to the scale used, if my response was 10 times a week, do I select (a) or (b)? As both appear to cover the number 10. Its important to make sure that your scale does not overlap. A similar issue is found in Q2. Feedback for Week 5:Regarding the submission for Week 5, the assignment specifications state that a recording of at least 20 minutes be included. Unfortunately, the accompanying recording only appears to be 7 minutes in duration. Additionally, it does not follow the correct submission standards as you were required to record an interview, not orally transcribe one. Please make sure to carefully read all of the assessment requirements so that you can include all necessary components. Regarding Task 1, the included interview schedule is detailed. Questions benefit from being broken up based on subtopics/themes. Consideration of potential follow-up and clarifying questions within the schedule would be a good addition, as would the inclusion of formal conclusion.Regarding Task 2, the transcript appears to be completed as a smart transcript, the participant and interviewer have not been appropriately identified as interviewer and interviewee, only by 1 and 2, which means it is not entirely clear who is speaking. Formatting would be more intuitive by simply using interviewer and interviewee at the start of each respective response. The transcript is lacking appropriate timecodes throughout. It is important that each response includes a timecode so that it can be quickly checked and confirmed with the audio.Feedback for Week 6:Although some codes have latent aspects, many of the codes included are focused on a semantic level of interpretation. It would be appropriate to include further latent codes, this means looking deeper into the substance of what is being said and the underlying meaning of what has been said, as opposed to a surface level interpretation. Ensure that your codes are unique enough that they relate to only a single theme. If a code can be placed under more than a single theme, it means that the code is potentially too broad, or that there is too much crossover between themes and they are not sufficiently unique.Regarding Task 2, descriptions of each code are occasionally brief, but the accompanying quotes do well to illustrate the code within the transcripts.Regarding Task 3, the descriptions provided for each theme are somewhat detailed. You received 15 marks for Week 4, 5 marks for Week 5 and 14 marks for Week 6"	58.33
"Feedback for Week 10 + 11:There are several ways to improve your work further. In terms of the treatment plan, it is important that all beats are approximately of the same length. However, some of your beats were quite too long. Given that this is a 90 seconds video, the best length for each beat would be between 10 to 15 seconds. The language you used in the video was good. But it would have been better if you also incorporated some more information about the technical aspects of your project. Especially, rather than talking about the limitations of the project, you could have focussed on the advantages. Please make sure that you properly attribute the content you take from other sources. Feedback for Week 12:There are several ways to improve your week 12 assignment tasks. First, I think there have been some misunderstanding about some of the questions that were included in the template. For example, in the question about the problem tackled, you are supposed to identify the problem to which this research project seeks answers, and the potential solution is about the solution suggested by the project. Instead, you have discussed the limitations of the research project and how those limitations can be overcome. For the section on patenting, it is also important that you make your decision based on the criteria for granting a patent (e.g. novelty, usefulness and non-obviousness). However, your discussion did not focus on these points much. You received 33 marks for Week 10 and 11 and 7 marks for Week 12"	66.67
"Feedback for Week 10 + 11:I appreciate very much your efforts in addressing the assignment brief you have been given. You have provided a good narrative on your video. There are however some aspects of your video/video treatment that need to be further refined to make it a thorough, critical, reflective and/or professional task. Firstly, it seems there is a background noise with your audio which can be further developed to increase the overall quality of your deliverable. Secondly, the justification part in your treatment for item 1 and 5 can have more elaboration to relate it to the investors and a better justification for the visual to be used in that part. Overall, you did a good job and the video is quite engaging.Feedback for Week 12:Thank you so much for your nice response to this task. Some of the questions are nicely responded such as the background, the problem being tackled, the impact, potential solution, etc. However, there are some aspects of your document that need to be further refined to make it a thorough, critical, reflective and/or professional response. E.g., though you nicely mentioned at least one prior art which is related to this research but there is a lack of discussion either to support applying for the patent, or because there is an overlap. Further, your justification about applying for a patent could have discussed the criteria list of a patent such as usefulness, being novel, as well as non-obvious one. Also, you just named the industries which can benefit from the research without a proper justification. Overall, you did a good job and I hope you enjoyed this unit.You received 39 marks for Week 10 and 11 and 8 marks for Week 12"	80
"Feedback for Week 2:You mentioned "" How do children express their emotions and discomfort with the experiment to let researcher know their desire to withdraw?"" : You should try to avoid asking questions back to your readers within your statement in your article, as you are critiquing the selected paper. The responsibility of answering the questions you asked should be taken by yourself as the author of this article. To improve this, you could apply evidence and valid reasons to support your argument. Specifically, you could explain the argument by explaining it in detail with examples. This would improve your overall discussion and make your statement more convincing and objective. Feedback for Week 3:You mentioned ""The aim of this research is to present an interface project for autistic children, which is highly matched with the given research."" The words ""hightly matched"" are vague and not meaningful. You have summarised the abstract of all papers only partially, and the summary should have contained more details of the paper you selected; By reading your summary, readers still have little information about what these papers are and the relevance with the paper in question. You received 15.5 marks for Week 1 and 13.3 marks for Week 3."	72.5
"""Feedback for Week 2:For week 2, the student has identified ethical issues from the given paper. Few improvements - it would have been better if ethical dimensions were defined first and then explained and justified by providing examples from the given paper. Also, it would have been better if each ethical issue was justified in a detail along with the example from the given paper. Lastly, only three issues were required.Feedback for Week 3:For week 3, the student has selected five papers from the citation list and the content is based only on abstracts. A suggestion - you need to provide and justify the selection of papers based on the criteria of relevance of venue where the paper has been published, the publisher who has published the paper, who are the authors of the paper, are the author of paper renowned in their research area, what is the impact factor of the journal/conference, h-index of author and so on. Also, the justification of selecting papers could have been better instead of summarizing the abstract. Lastly, references for paper 1 and 2 are the same.You received 16.2 marks for Week 1 and 16.5 marks for Week 3."""	82.5
"Feedback for Week 2:You mentioned ""It means any physical or psychological harm to the participant occurred during the experiment"". To improve this work, you could relate the issues to the ethical relevant dimensions with a brief explanation of what these dimensions are. you could write another sentence to give a brief explanation of what this dimension is; Thus, this can help readers to understand the reasons why the ethical issue you mentioned belongs to such dimension and reinforces the relationship between them. Feedback for Week 3:You mentioned ""This article summarizes and evaluates the speech of children with ASD, and develops guidelines for clinical evaluation of their speech."" You have summarised the abstract of all papers only partially, and the summary should have contained more details of the paper you selected; By reading your summary, readers still have little information about what these papers are and the relevance with the paper in question. You received 15.5 marks for Week 1 and 14.5 marks for Week 3."	75
"Feedback for Week 7:You have nicely annotated your Matlab script and correctly wrote your code to calculate the required parameters. All the answers are correct including the population standard deviation, IQR, and sample standard deviation. You also nicely produced the boxplot. God job!Feedback for Week 8:Thanks for the response to this task. Your hypothesis and the null hypothesis are nicely described, clear, and acceptable. Further, you had a good explanation on the collection process and types of data to show its feasibility and the relation to testing the hypothesis. The only issue with your task was about a lack of valid justification on your reasons of choosing the test for your statistical analysis. You could have briefly compared it to the other tests we learned in this unit (you could have referred to the data type like parametric vs non-parametric data). There was a chart in the pre-workshop materials showing how we can select the best test based on the data type. Lastly the limitation and future investigation are also nicely covered.Feedback for Week 9:You did a good job in calculating all the performance metrics correctly. Also, the confusion matrix shown is correct and you showed how you can calculate it using hand. The argument about why accuracy is not proper for the research problem is also nicely discussed. A great job, thanks!You received 20 marks for Week 7, 19 marks for Week 8 and 20 marks for Week 9"	98.33
"Feedback for Week 4:Overall, very well written assignment. In task 1, you have clearly presented the improved questions after critiquing the problematic ones which made it more self-explanatory and easier to follow. Questions under task 2 were very well articulated as well as well aligned. Keep up the good work.Feedback for Week 5:Well done on conducting and transcribing your interview. Some areas need improvements. Your interview schedule could be improved by reviewing questions to identify if there are any problematic issues. For example, one of your questions was, What difficulties you met in the first few weeks at university?. It may lead the interviewees to respond in a certain direction whereas you could design it more in a neutral way by asking about their experience of first weeks at university.  Overall your assignment needs review to improve the grammatical issues.Feedback for Week 6:Overall, good attempt in grouping the codes and identifying themes. There are some areas for improvement in your assignment. Your codes are more semantic than latent. You could consider presenting your codes more precisely by highlighting the underlying latent issues. You can review your initial codes and merge similar ones. It is a very important step for your analysis. Another suggestion to improve the codes is to revisit the data and become more familiar with some underlying ideas. Your codes were well described but in some cases, the quotes you pulled out from the interview, did not clearly represent your codes as those were too short.You received 18 marks for Week 4, 13 marks for Week 5 and 13 marks for Week 6"	75
"Feedback for Week 2:You’ve highlighted appropriate and relevant ethical issues throughout. Most issue are described in detail and provides relevant examples of potential problematic ethical issues throughout. It’s a good inclusion that each highlighted ethical dimension demonstrates a consequence within the paper, as well as a means of potentially mitigating those consequences under research. You’ve correctly highlighted issues regarding the use of a reward system as a tool during the research, although perhaps this would be closer to a form of coercion than psychological harm? Otherwise, the work submitted is generally good.Feedback for Week 3:All of the papers cited are appropriately identified based off Google Scholar. Justifications provide a good level of detail citing relevance based on the abstract and touching on some of the various indicators of quality. In terms of improvements, the justifications themselves need to describe why you ranked each paper in the order of relevance that you’ve chosen. Justifications need further discussion as to why the papers are ranked in terms of relevance and there should be contrast and comparison explaining why you have ranked the texts in the order you’ve chosen beyond merely stating what makes the texts relevant. For example, why is the first listed text more relevant than the fifth ranked paper? This needed to be a key component of your justifications.  You received 15.6 marks for Week 1 and 15.9 marks for Week 3."	77.5
"Feedback for Week 7:Limited annotations and no description of the process that is being followed to import the data. More details about data import, cleaning and annotations could have been provided. The same goes for the boxplot. While elements are highlighted, no title and labels to the graph.Feedback for Week 8:A reasonable hypothesis is given and the null hypothesis is valid. However it is not clear what data will exactly be collected in the questionnaire. The data is assumed to be ordinal but additional details could have been provided. Limitations and future studies are adequately described.Feedback for Week 9:The confusion matrix and all of the calculated parameters are correct. The justification for Q3 is valid and relevant issues are identified. However, minor grammatical errors present ""so the Accuracy value obtained from it...""You received 3 marks for Week 7, 14 marks for Week 8 and 15 marks for Week 9"	53.33
"Feedback for Week 2:For week 2, the student has identified three ethical issues from the given paper. Few improvements - it would have been better if ethical dimensions were defined first and then explained and justified by providing examples from the given paper. Also, vulnerable participants group was combined with informed consent. It would have been better if both were explained separately with their own examples.Feedback for Week 3:For week 3, the student has selected five papers from the citation list and the content is based only on abstracts. A minor improvement- the justification of selecting papers could have been better instead of summarizing the abstract. You received 16.7 marks for Week 1 and 19.1 marks for Week 3."	90
"Feedback for Week 7:You have nicely annotated your matlab script and correctly used the built-in functions in matlab to calculate the required parameters for the first three parts. However, the provided comments for iqr were lacking depth. Also, you missed annotating the box plot (X and Y axes, a title for the plot, outliers, min-max, quartiles, etc.). We expected you to use built-in functions in matlab to annotate the items you have missed on your plot.Feedback for Week 8:Thanks for the response to this task. Your hypothesis and the null hypothesis are nicely described, clear, and acceptable. Further, you had a good explanation on the collection process but it lacks in-depth details about using the budget in a meaningful way accompanied with reasoning to show its feasibility and the relation of the data collection to testing the hypothesis using the given budget. The other minor issue with your task was about a lack of in-depth justification on your reasons of choosing the test for your statistical analysis. You could have briefly compared it to the other tests we learned in this unit (you could have referred to the data type like parametric vs non-parametric data). There was a chart in the pre-workshop materials showing how we can select the best test based on the data type. Lastly the limitations of the research and future investigations are described nicely.Feedback for Week 9:You did a good job in calculating the accuracy based on a correct confusion matrix; however, you missed the requirement of the task which asked you to that all working out (including the steps) should be done by hand (i.e., hand written or shown in full in a word or excel document) for the confusion matrix. Also, there is an issue with the calculation of the accuracy which should be 50%. Argument for the performance of accuracy metric is nicely described and also all your results are correct accompanied with the required steps to calculate them. Good job!You received 18 marks for Week 7, 17 marks for Week 8 and 17 marks for Week 9"	86.67
"Feedback for Week 4:Regarding Task 1, a good selection of problematic questions, and you have accurately identified the issues lie within those questions. However, if you prefer to reuse the options in Q2, it should be refined as they are ambiguous and better to add the 'other' option to capture more categories. In Q3, the annotations of the scaling need to be reassessed. Q5 is still leading as you are claiming the on-boarding process is bad. The options provided for Q9 need to be improved as well. In task 2, all the questions you developed were closed-ended questions. However, it is okay to add a few open-ended questions to a questionnaire, to obtain participants' view on it.Feedback for Week 5:There are several ways to improve your week 5 tasks further. In terms of the interview schedule, the interview questions are not related to the topic provided in week 5, and it seems you prepared this after the interview as it is personalised for your interviewee and cannot be used for another person. Also, some of the questions are closed, and thereby, your participant couldn't expand their responses. While having an interview schedule saves a lot of time for us and makes the interview process much easier, it does not necessarily mean that we have to stick to it 100%. Depending on the participants' responses, you can ask additional questions, clarify the participants' points, and even summarise the participants' responses to confirm that you grasped their responses correctly. In this way, you could dig deeper into their responses. In addition, your interview is 6mins long though we expect you to conduct a 20 min interview, and the transcript cannot be considered as well produced.Feedback for Week 6:In this section of the assignment, I can see that you haven't used the interview transcripts that we have specifically mentioned in the assignment guideline. You have used the transcript which we consumed for the workshop activities. When it comes to latent codes where you have to go beyond the surface meaning, there is room for further improvement as the majority of the codes are surface level. Also, you haven't provided two illustrative quotes for each code, and the description of it needs to be detailed, highlighting why this code is important. However, you have listed three distinct themes, and they are relevant to the workshop interview topic, broad enough to contain a set of codes. In terms of improvements, the justification could have been detailed by describing all the codes briefly using 150 words. The justification lacks depth and abstraction as to why this matters to the wider theme.You received 16 marks for Week 4, 8 marks for Week 5 and 11 marks for Week 6"	58.33
"Feedback for Week 10 + 11:The quality of the video is quite good! well done!  The video is edited to a high-quality, clips are trimmed to the right length and visuals are not distracting. Stylistic elements are consistent. Dialog is use throughout to communicate a clear and concise summary of the paper. Clear decisions have been made for communicating with the audience. Some suggestions for you to improve: 1. the speaking speed is relatively too fast. The best way to solve this issue is to reduce some contents; 2. Some justifications are too general, which requires further clarification, e.g. ""Limitation of the traditional MOOCs"" [why audience need to know it?]; 3. Try to use more visuals to demonstrate your pitches since most of them are static images or slices.Feedback for Week 12:Generally, the assignment is quite good! Some suggestions for you to improve: 1. The impact is mentioned, but its not very clear how this benefits a potential industry partner, e.g. how to get social good?; 2. Some mention of potential commercialisation, but not clear how this might be realised, particularly in relation to any previous questions on patents etc.You received 41 marks for Week 10 and 11 and 9 marks for Week 12"	83.33
"Feedback for Week 4:Regarding Task 1, you have accurately identified the issues within the selected questions. However, you could have rephrased the entire question in most of the cases. I can observe how you plan to improve these problematic questions, but you won't get a proper question simply by adding a new option/changing some words of the question. For example, Q3/4 has some ambiguity in the scale in terms of annotation, and the suggested improvement is still unclear to the audience unless you link it with Q2. Similarly, you need to mention, are you ignoring the existing options/ is this an open-ended question? It's not clear in your answer as you touch both. Q7- is a double-barrelled question, and just by changing the title, the overall question could not be improved; it's better to state your refined question here to be more apparent. Regarding Task 2, most of the questions are carefully designed without any major issue, but you added a scale for a frequency question (Q2). Feedback for Week 5:For this task for Week 5, you have identified more than six different open-ended prompts (different aspects) which are highly related to the selected topic, and they were in an appropriate order. It is good that all your main questions, follow-up/probing questions, do not include any problematic factors, and they are not sensitive or complex. For the second part, it is nice that you summarised the interviewee's responses at times to confirm what you heard when they make a point/argument on a given factor. Also, it is interesting to read your transcript as you asked probing questions that were not initially on the schedule to dig deeper into their response. Feedback for Week 6:In this section of the assignment, I can see that most of the codes describe latent issues, but some are still semantic (surface level). In terms of improvements, the justification of the themes could have been detailed by describing all the codes briefly using 150 words. The justification lacks depth and abstraction as to why this matters to the wider theme.You received 16 marks for Week 4, 18 marks for Week 5 and 19 marks for Week 6"	88.33
"Feedback for Week 2:For week 2, the student has identified three ethical issues from the given paper. Few improvements - it would have been better if ethical dimensions were defined first and then explained and justified by providing examples from the given paper. Also, 600 words could be used to provide better explanation of  ethical dimensions rather than writing the introduction. Also, the example provided for informed consent could have been better. Feedback for Week 3:For week 3, the student has selected five papers from the citation list and the content is based only on abstracts. A suggestion - the justification of selecting papers could have been better instead of summarizing the abstract. You received 16.3 marks for Week 1 and 17.8 marks for Week 3."	85
"Feedback for Week 4:For week 4, it is really good that you have identified four questions from the survey with their issues. The improvements suggested are also appropriate. There are few improvements which can be done to make the improved question better. For example, the last question did not have any issues with it. Also, the first improved question was still a leading question. For task 2 of week 4, the title and description has been described succinctly. Also, the questions along with their justifications could have been better.Feedback for Week 5:For week 5, the interview schedule is presented which is good and covers different aspects of the topic. The type of questions written are good as it is not leading or ambiguous questions. Also, it is a good practice during the interview that you summarise the interviewees response before asking the next question as it confirms what they meant when they answered the previous questionFeedback for Week 6:For week 6, it is good that you have developed three themes with their relevant codes, but unfortunately, all the codes identified are semantic codes. The requirement for this task was to identify latent codes. Also, the description of codes could have been better and two quotes have been provided which were appropriate.At the same time, the description provided for themes at the end could have been better by explaining and justifying the meaning of the theme.You received 15 marks for Week 4, 15 marks for Week 5 and 15 marks for Week 6"	76.67
"Feedback for Week 7:You have correctly calculated the Sample Standard Deviation, Interquartile Range with a clear and detailed working out for all of them. However, the value for the population STD is not shown. The MATLAB commands are all correct, and the boxplot is also displayed appropriately, with correctly labelled axes, an appropriate title, with correct annotations on the graph.Feedback for Week 8:A hypothesis and a null hypothesis are identified and appropriately phrased. All types of variables (independent, dependent and confounding) are identified and correctly labelled with a clear data collection process. Discussions of the choice of statistical test and limitations are all well-articulated, but there is room for further elaboration (especially for the statistical test and further research parts).Feedback for Week 9:The final grid of the confusion matrix is correct, but there is no clear working out shown (only final grid is shown). Accuracy has been correctly calculated and includes appropriate working out. The discussion of issues and limitations of accuracy are correct and valid. The working out for the Precision, Recall and the F1-Score are all correct, and the answers are correctly presented.You received 19 marks for Week 7, 19 marks for Week 8 and 18 marks for Week 9"	93.33
"Feedback for Week 10 + 11:For Week 10-11, the language and audio are good Dushyant Singh Raghav. However, the story, content, and visual representation is below the expected level as you have used a set of four slides for all the beats, which are not even in slide show mode. We expect you to create live content and use video footage and images where possible. Then, if you look at your third and fourth, they are too long, conveying a little meaningful amount of content. It was just a presentation, not a narrative. Please read the assignment specifications properly. Moreover, the research communication is not sufficient in terms of content (the script). You could have concluded your video in a more welcoming manner to grab the attention of potential funding bodies rather than just telling the properties/features. Also, please make sure that all assets in the video are appropriately attributed. All content needs to be acknowledged throughout your assignment, even if you use a part of an existing image created by someone else (not by yourself).Feedback for Week 12:For the week 12 task, you have discussed the background, potential solution and the impact of the research well, but more clarification/justification was required. Some key areas for improvement include - Some mention of potential commercialization, but not clear how this might be realized, particularly in relation to any previous questions on patents. Also, it would be best if you framed your justification properly while discussing the standard rules for patent decisions, e.g. novelty, usefulness, not only mentioning 'algorithms are used to analyze the data while analyzing big data analytics'. In other words, how it is a novel idea is unclear from your submission. Also, you need more details in the prior art section as there is always prior art. The investigation of Prior art is crucial to the impact declaration, and a link is needed here. You can use google patent search, even the Australian Patent database. A typical prior art search process requires a search strategy to be formulated at the beginning using a keyword search, name search, classification search or a citation search, or a combination thereof. Examined by Md ShamsujjohaPlease send an email to md.shamsujjoha2@monash.edu.You received 23 marks for Week 10 and 11 and 6 marks for Week 12"	48.33
"Feedback for Week 4:Ashvini Laxman Tamgadge, you correctly identified three out of four questions from the survey with their issues for week-4 Task-1. First, we don't think there exist any issues with Ques:12 as you did. Then, the improvements suggested are inappropriate. More specifically, your improvement for Ques:2 incorporates Add Options such as ""other"" won't make much difference to the original question and related problems you identified. It would be best if you improved questions in such a way that it shouldn't create any confusion among the participants and are not biased or leading.For week-4 task 2, you prepared both close and open-ended questions. Most questions are not relatively straightforward and can be improved in wording and rephrasing. For example, in questions 2 and 4, seem too similar, and these two questions can be merged to one. Similar problems do exist for other questions as well. Another aspect you need to improve is your writing. Some of the questions and justifications you have written were not clear because of grammatical mistakes. So, make sure that you pay attention to those details and improve your language skills by getting the necessary support from the university (e.g. English Connect).Feedback for Week 5:The interview schedule you presented for week 5 is perfect, and it consists of questionnaires related to the topic you selected. The type of questions written is right as these are not leading or ambiguous questions, except for question no 9, [Did these remote meetings affected your willingness to engage with the fellow students?] , which are a bit biased, and it seems you are looking for a preassumed answer from the interviewee. Overall, some of the questions are closed, but some are open and would allow a participant to respond. Of the open questions, they cover similar elements of the topic. Moreover, you followed a good practice during the interview to summarize the interviewee's response before asking the next question, especially for the question that could lead to a different meaning, which is very good.Feedback for Week 6:For week 6, you successfully identified 3 different Themes and 3 codes listed for each theme. You also correctly highlighting latent issues for each code of the corresponding three themes. However, for theme 3, the codes are somewhat general but still related to the theme, compare to others where all codes apply to the theme, and the theme makes sense in relation to them. Moreover, the theme appears relevant to the topic of the interviews as well. On the other hand, you need to add at least 2 illustrative quotes from the transcript for each code. However, for some code, it is hard for us to find 2 illustrative quotes. Actually, there are mostly 1 quotes, but they do match the code. Overall good work. Examined by Md. Shamsujjoha In case of any inconsistency, please send an email to 'md.shamsujjoha2@monash.edu'You received 12 marks for Week 4, 18 marks for Week 5 and 14 marks for Week 6"	73.33
"Feedback for Week 7:Manyan, you have done a great job with week 7 activities. Your MATLAB scripts were properly annotated and you clearly showed how you arrived at the answers. I don't have any comments for further improvement. Well done!Feedback for Week 8:Manyan, there are several ways to improve your work further. While your hypothesis and null hypothesis were clear, your data collection strategy and your justification for selecting Mann-Whitney U test need further clarification. For example, in the data collection strategy you need to discuss what types of data will be collected. For the identified test, you need to emphasize whether your data is parametric or non-parametric and how you made that decision. Feedback for Week 9:Manyan, there are several ways to improve your work. First, for Question 1, you only showed the resulting grid but not how you got the answers. Secondly, for Q3, you could have discussed why accuracy is inappropriate also by emphasizing the limitations of sampling. For question 4, while your answers were correct, there was an error in the grid. You received 20 marks for Week 7, 13 marks for Week 8 and 12 marks for Week 9"	75
"Feedback for Week 2:The student did a good job discussing many different ethical issues aspects (more than 3) they have found in the given paper; however, they could have more clearly discussed all of them in detail supporting their claim by some solid and proper examples. Also, the student needs more elaboration on why they think the issues are related to an ethical dimension (at some cases you repeat the definition of the issue such as invasion of privacy). For this task to be considered as a complete one, we needed at least three issues which are discussed in details (please note that sometimes less is more so instead of having 5 items you could have focused more on the 3 items). Also, to make a perfect task the student could make a proposal if the authors failed to address those issues. Feedback for Week 3:The student did a good job by identifying five relevant papers which are correctly related to the topic. However, the student missed following the task as the selected papers are not coming from the list of the existing papers which are citing the given paper. Further, the student could have potentially used the material discussed in the labs to evaluate the quality of the papers including the venue, people, and the citations to strengthen their discussion. Also, as part of the assignments you should have ranked the five selected papers based on the relevance of them with the given paper. Overall, you collected and collated some useful facts, but could have elaborated further on how you interpreted these facts (e.g., in light of the different perspectives given in different sources) to better understand the relevance of the papers with the given one.You received 16.4 marks for Week 1 and 13 marks for Week 3."	72.5
"Feedback for Week 4:For task 1 please make sure to include a clear improvement question and recommendation for the Q2 and Q6. The issues identified from Q2 and Q7 are incorrect. For task 2 there are major areas to improve your survey. Your survey title is clear. The introduction is vague, clearer wording is needed. Some questions can be revised. For example, questions 1, 4 are quite ambiguous and requires a clearer structure; questions 2 outlines the leading question. Leading questions use biased language to nudge a survey taker toward an answer option. The main problem with those is that they might seem innocuous but have the purpose of tampering with the accuracy of survey findings. Some recommendations can include please keep questions clear and simple, do not lead the respondent to a specific answer, provide all options to a question for greater clarity. Some of your justifications are vague, e.g. question 2Feedback for Week 5:Well done on transcribing your interview you also have a great outline for the interview prompts. However, there are some key recommendations to improve your overall interview assignment. For example, please make sure to also provide an introduction when you are starting your interview of the topic and background. Furthermore, it would be great to see further different question types in your interview schedule. It is especially important to ask to follow up and probing questions when you would like to get more information from participants. On the other hand, a few questions can also be more connected and relevant to the main topic. Some questions can be improved, e.g. ""Well, last year because of the global pandemic of Covid-19. Did you check in online or offline?"" [Ambigious question]Feedback for Week 6:Quotes identified from the interview script are quite good! There are some areas for improvement in your assignment. Please make sure the codes should be consistent with the themes. Good work in choosing key themes, as the key themes you have identified are distinct from other themes. The codes used within the main themes may be further improved. For example, they exhibit more semantic issues rather than latent issues, e.g. code 2, 8. latent codes or themes capture underlying ideas, patterns, and assumptions. This requires a more interpretative and conceptual orientation to the data. One suggestion to improve the codes is to revisit the data and become more familiar with some underlying ideas. Some revision can also be used in your writing and language used within the codes to be more precise and clearer. Some code descriptions are vague, which cannot support your codes, e.g. Code 1. Some theme descriptions are vague, which require further clarification, e.g. code 2.You received 10 marks for Week 4, 12 marks for Week 5 and 15 marks for Week 6"	61.67
"Feedback for Week 4:For task 1, For the first task, You have selected some problematic questions from the survey and identified the issues of these questions; Question 14 is not a probmatic question. this open-ended question here is totally fine to have. You could have elaborated the suggested improvement on the questions you selected with corresponding reasons while rephrasing the problematic questions in your own words with examples.For example, you can provide examples based on your suggestions such asone for ratings of intrusiveness of emails and one with a response categories with estimate amounts of emails received, which make your argument more persuasive. For question 1 of taks 2, smart watch could be one option, if you consider all common digital device people are using nowadays. For question 3 Did you use the same personal computers and smart devices during onboarding and your studies at University in the first semester?  is double barrled as it discusses both onboarding and studing periods. Feedback for Week 5:For week 5, There are many yes-no questions as the major questions and you should revise them to open-ended questions, which would make the question more suitable for interview structure rather than questionnaire.You could design more open-ended question instead of closed question which would only collect small amount of data. For open-ended questions, you could collect a large data sets which can be used for gaining more understandings of what happened (via content analysis) and deep insights behind the schene (via thematic analysis). Also, What didnt appeal to you about them? is a leading question, and you should avoid the use of Why dont you XXXX  in any questions.Feedback for Week 6:For code Initiating social interactions , the description Discussion pertaining to students initiating social interactions does not help the readers to understand what the code means. You should have provided more a detailed explanation to describe what each code is as the limitation on words are 50 words.  This helps to understand whether each code is latent or semantic and how each code is associated with one of the themes. The same issues occurred in other codes. Information from Monash website is a semantic code, which only refers to what the content that the interview participants described and stays on the surface level. The codes and themes should capture underlying ideas, patterns, and assumptions that go beyond the surface.You received 16 marks for Week 4, 8 marks for Week 5 and 16 marks for Week 6"	66.67
"Feedback for Week 4:You were able to identify 4 problematic questions and provide good improvement suggestions for all of them. Your questionnaire questions are also good, very specific and the multiple choice responses are very well structured. For improvement, Q5 in Task 1: it would be better to use a 5 or 7 point scale (instead of 3) to measure the students satisfaction with the onboarding process. (So add Highly Dissatisfied and Highly Satisfied on both ends.)Feedback for Week 5:Overall, you were able to conduct a good interview, and you were able to create a wide range of questions in your interview schedule. It is also good that you were able to ask suitable follow-up questions. Here are some suggestions for improvement. You had too many questions in the interview schedule (about 12 in total) which can put pressure on you to ask all the questions during the interview (of course it's fine if you manage to ask all the questions) and this might hinder the quality of data you get through your interview. It's better to keep the interview schedule more or less open and flexible so that you can adjust your questions based on your interviewee's answers.Feedback for Week 6:You identified a group of codes based on the given transcripts and grouped them into broader themes. While many of your codes were latent and represented deeper interpretations of the transcript, some of the codes you identified (e.g codes 1 and 2) were semantic rather than latent, and only scratched the surface of the transcripts and refer directly to what the respondents had said. Moreover, Some of your code names were a bit too long. Try to keep both your code and theme names as concise and broad as possible, and try to use the phrase format for your codes.You received 20 marks for Week 4, 20 marks for Week 5 and 19 marks for Week 6"	98.33
"Feedback for Week 4:For week 4, it is really good that you have identified four questions from the survey with their issues. The improvements suggested are also appropriate. There are few improvements which can be done to make the improved question better. For example, the first question identified did not have any issues with it. For task 2 of week 4, the title and description has been described succinctly. The five questions provided for the topic were clear. Also, the questions along with their justifications have been provided clearly. Lastly, it would have been better if the report was proofread before submitting.Feedback for Week 5:For week 5, the interview schedule is presented which is good and covers different aspects of the topic. The type of questions written are good as it is not leading or ambiguous questions. Also, it is a good practice during the interview that you summarise the interviewees response before asking the next question as it confirms what they meant when they answered the previous question.Feedback for Week 6:For week 6, it is good that you have developed three themes with their relevant codes, but unfortunately, all the codes identified are semantic codes. The requirement for this task was to identify latent codes. Also, it is good that you described the codes with appropriate quotes from the interview. At the same time, the description provided for themes at the end could have been better by explaining and justifying the meaning of the theme.You received 17 marks for Week 4, 14 marks for Week 5 and 17 marks for Week 6"	80
"Feedback for Week 2:You did a good job discussing three different ethical issues related to the given paper; however, there is some room to further develop your task. For example, when I was reading your justification about the “informed consent” issue, I was expecting to see your analysis about how to e.g., ask the children guardians to be involved in the process; however, I faced a different issue which is coercion in the same paragraph which was a bit distracting. Moreover, to make a perfect task the student could make a proposal if the authors failed to address those issues. In terms of writing, you probably can use some online tools such as Grammarly to check any potential typos as currently there are a couple of mistakes in the writing. Lastly, please note that Anindita was covering Dan's and I, Steve Shahbazi, am your tutor :).Feedback for Week 3:The student did a very good job by identifying five relevant papers which are correctly related to the topic. However, the work would have been a bit more insightful if you elaborate a bit more on the relation of the selected papers with the given paper (selected papers could have been more persuasively justified in terms of the relation to the given paper). Also, as part of the assignments you should have ranked the five selected papers based on the relevance of them with the given paper. Overall, you collected and collated some useful facts, but could have elaborated further on how you interpreted these facts (e.g., in light of the different perspectives given in different sources) to better understand the relevance of the papers with the given one.You received 14.8 marks for Week 1 and 14 marks for Week 3."	72.5
"Feedback for Week 4:Regarding Task 1, the improved Q11 is still ambiguous and the last option could have been stated as new mail in a month or more. Also, Q18 is irrelevant to the topic although it is a prestige bias question. Regarding Task 2, it's unclear what do you mean by predict whether students equipment is complete. Is it in terms of available stocks/demand from the perspective of an IT company? All the justifications are short and could have used the remaining space to emphasise what you expect/aim of having these questions. Furthermore , the last question is double barrelled question and try to ask one question at a time.Feedback for Week 5:Regarding Week 5, the interview transcript is inconsistent, where some sections are well produced, and others  are incoherent. It's hard for me to identify who is the interviewer or interviewee in the middle of it and hard to follow the sentences as there were many grammatical errors and typos. It is good that all your main questions, followup/probing questions do not include any problematic factors, and they are not sensitive or complex. However, there were some questions and cannot be considered as open questions which may lead to very short responses from the participants as you can see from your transcript. Also, it is nice to summarise the responses of the interviewee at times to confirm what you heard when they make a point/argument on a given factor. Feedback for Week 6:Regarding Week 6, we expect you to create latent codes for the second task. But, some of the codes you created for task 2 were semantic codes, not latent ones. One strategy for creating latent codes is to go through the transcripts several times and make sure that you have gone beyond the surface meaning of the data. Try to use your own judgement and knowledge about the subject matter of the interviews to understand whether you can make more meaning out of the responses. Finally, the justification of the last theme could have been elaborated similar to the Theme 1 and 2.You received 16 marks for Week 4, 9 marks for Week 5 and 18 marks for Week 6"	71.67
"Feedback for Week 4:There are some areas that you can focus on to improve your week four answer. In the first task you have identified relevant issues in the questions clearly, which is good. But the suggestion section can be improved with some proper justification for your suggested improvement. For example, for each question, you could have added some justification explaining why you think your suggested question will overcome the identified issue in the questions. In the second task, your sub-topic and the description are specific and clear, which is good. But, when you are designing questions, make sure to order it in a proper flow. For example, you could have asked second and third questions together and add another question to focus on the effectiveness of the overall digital channels. Feedback for Week 5:There are some recommendations for the improvement of your week five assignment. Your interview schedule is good. But some initial demographic questions would be great to see at the beginning of the interview. Secondly, regarding the interview you have conducted, it would be great to see it to be a bit more professional, rather than a casual discussion. Also, when conducting the interview, you could have given a brief introduction on what this interview is about and how it will be conducted. In that way, the interviewee will get get an idea of your study and he could get an opportunity to raise any questions or clarifications prior to start of the interview. Moreover, there are some double-barrelled questions, which are not mentioned in the interview schedule. For example, the question about navigating around university lifestyle, is consist of lot of questions together which can be divided into few more questions. It is ok to add some impromptu follow-up questions when you are conducting an interview. But, please make sure that those follow-up questions are asked after they answered the main questions. Feedback for Week 6:The selection of the themes are good as they are distinct from each other. But, the coding coding section can be improved more. For example, the second code related to the theme one can be more specific, rather than mentioning whole sentence as a code. Also, the descriptions for each code could have been more explained with some justification. Moreover, there should be two illustrative quotes for each code which is missing in some codes. Also, when you provide the illustrative quotes, make sure to provide the relevant sentences rather than putting all the section. You received 17 marks for Week 4, 10 marks for Week 5 and 17 marks for Week 6"	73.33
"Feedback for Week 2:As per the guideline/rubric, please choose three ethical dimensions to write a more detailed/critical justification for each ethical dimension. You have identified many ethical dimensions (6) and related issues at an abstract level in your answer, which is not sufficient for the assignment. Also, you indirectly talk about confidentiality without explicitly mentioning it. Thereby, further details on each ethical dimension's significance and importance could have been further explained under chosen three. Such as what does the specific research dimension mean? How does the dimension apply to research methods/findings? What limitations may occur during late research? Do participants have a complete understanding of the study? , etc. Also, including definitions would enhance your assignment justification and writing. It could have been an added advantage if you explained your perception or ideas under each argument with some suggestions/strategies to mitigate the effect. And while working on the definitions and suggestions, you can also cite external resources where appropriate to support your arguments. In addition, please revise your writing before submission as there were a few grammatical and punctuation errors. And better to have separate paragraphs for each dimension.Feedback for Week 3:You have not efficiently used the given 600 words limit to construct your answer, excluding references. The remaining 250 words could have been used for providing more detailed arguments to prove why the papers are relevant to the topic. You could have compared the chosen papers on their similarities/differences/the importance more critically in terms of relevance. The last justifications is very abstract and roughly summarise the abstract's content in a single line, which cannot be considered a critically analysed answer. Also, you do not provide a sufficient coverage on quality indicators. Even in the first three papers, you barely mention two scores. To improve the answer, you could have supported your argument with some additional quality criterion related to the venue, such as h5 index, impact factor, reviewing process and Conf/Journal ranking with your critically analysed explanation. You could have provided a statement justifying its ranking for each paper as the relevancy is made out of multiple factors. E.g.: Why you ranked this paper first/last? -- based on the relevancy to the context(which you did) and overall analysis of quality indicators. Also, please revise your writing prior to submission.You received 15 marks for Week 1 and 17 marks for Week 3."	80
"Feedback for Week 4:Krishna Kanubhai Thakkar, you correctly identified three out of four questions from the survey with their issues for week-4 Task-1. First, we don't think there exist any issues with Ques:12 as you did. Moreover, the improvements you suggested are also inappropriate. For example, your suggestion includes, 'adding an option other', won't make much difference to the original question and related problems you identified. However,  I really liked how you modified Q5 to views on the onboarding process while removing the biased issues. For week-4 task 2, you prepared both open and close-ended questions. Most questions are relatively straightforward but can be improved in wording and rephrasing. For example, in question 2 has too long to follow. Moreover, the Justification for Q1 needs a bit more explanation. Another aspect you have improved your writing  since the last assignment overall good work.Feedback for Week 5:For week 5, the interview schedule presented is good, but unfortunately, it does not cover a few questions regarding the topic you selected. For week-5 tasks, as per assignment guidelines, you were required to manually transcribe the interview response. However, I found you used some speech-to-text conversion software to do so. In addition, the type of questions you wrote need further works as some are complex and can create confusion for the interviewee for the example this following questions 'What were the discussions that you had with these friends? Was it about sonly studies or even something out of studies as well?'.  Lastly, it is a good practice during the interview that you summarise the interviewees response before asking the next question as it confirms what they meant when they answered the previous question, please keep following this in the future.Feedback for Week 6:For week 6, you successfully identified 3 different Themes and 3 codes listed for each theme. You also correctly highlighting latent issues for each code of the corresponding three themes. However, for theme 3, the codes are somewhat general but still related to the theme, compare to other two where all codes apply to the theme, and the theme makes sense in relation to them. Moreover, the theme appears relevant to the topic of the interviews as well. On the other hand, you have added at least 2 illustrative quotes from the transcript for each code, which is good. Then, the theme is relevant for the interview topic, broad enough to contain an appropriate set of codes and related to the other themes in a coherent manner. It includes high-level justification, the justification is clear and adds to your understanding.Examined by Md. Shamsujjoha In case of any inconsistency, please send an email to 'md.shamsujjoha2@monash.edu'You received 14 marks for Week 4, 11 marks for Week 5 and 18 marks for Week 6"	71.67
"Feedback for Week 7:You have nicely annotated your matlab script for the population standard deviation and the result is correct. IQR value is also correct but your code can be elaborated with more in-depth comments there. Unfortunately, the value of sample std is incorrect. Also, in the boxplot, while you did a great job in annotating the plot, your code is lacking sufficient number of comments.Feedback for Week 8:Thanks for the response to this task. Your hypothesis and the null hypothesis are nicely described, clear, and acceptable. Further, you had a good explanation on the collection process and types of data to show its feasibility and the relation to testing the hypothesis. The minor issue with your task was about a lack of in-depth justification on your reasons of choosing the right test for your statistical analysis. You could have briefly compared it to the other tests we learned in this unit (you could have referred to the data type like parametric vs non-parametric data, etc.). There was a chart in the pre-workshop materials showing how we can select the best test based on the data type. Lastly the limitations of the research is nicely covered; however, you missed discussing the future investigations.Feedback for Week 9:You did a good job in calculating all the performance metrics correctly. Also, the confusion matrix shown is correct and you showed how you can calculate it using hand. The only minor issue was about the lack of proper argument in the performance of accuracy metric where you could have referred more clearly about the limits of sampling, etc. Regardless, a great job!You received 16 marks for Week 7, 15 marks for Week 8 and 18 marks for Week 9"	81.67
"Feedback for Week 7:The calculation results for the population std, IQR, and sample std are all correct. However,  not a single annotations/comments present along with your calculations for IQR and std. For example, you could explain the interquartile range Q1 and Q3 means for measuring the Interquartile Range. Also, you could have labelled the outliers, Min, Max, Q1, Q2 and Q3 on your boxplot diagram using MatLab script, avoiding manual annotation.Feedback for Week 8:You have successfully identified a hypothesis and null Hypothesis; the confounding variables also are a good match for your topic. Some further improvements can be included in the statistical test section. It would be good to see assumptions listed for why you chose this test and you need to spell out the name of your test as Mann-Whitney U test. Also, your selection of Statistical test is to the point, but the data collection strategy is not feasible in terms of time and money. Better to have a breakdown as to how you are spending the money/time. Some of the study's limitations are discussed, but no discussion on mitigation and future investigations.Feedback for Week 9:For this section of the assignment, your grid and the accuracy is entirely correct. However, the working out is not visible for the confusion matrix (the way you have counted each element by hand as per the assignment guideline). Your justification is appropriate but could have been compared with other methods, discrimination, or sampling limits in detail. Again, the second confusion matrix is not present, and you do not demonstrate how categories are merged. However, you've got correct answers for precision, recall and F1-score.You received 10 marks for Week 7, 10 marks for Week 8 and 16 marks for Week 9"	60
"Feedback for Week 4:For task 1, For task 1,you have correctly selected four questions that are potentially problematic. For task 2 quesiton 2, uselss is a bised word here and make the question quite leading, which makes the following question unanswerable. The same issues happene in the last question Do you think there are any help that you want the on-boarding process could provide to you? instead, you could just ask your participants to list or select a few options that need to be provided or improved in the future. Also, you could improve this question by stating the type of the questions in the justification such as fact-based closed question, scale question or open question etc.Feedback for Week 5:For week 5, questions such as Which semester do you currently in, What is your major and Have you ever connected with the university before you came to Australia? are yes-no questions as the major questions and you should revise them to open-ended questions, which would make the question more suitable for interview structure rather than questionnaire.You could design more open-ended question instead of closed question which would only collect small amount of data. For open-ended questions, you could collect a large data sets which can be used for gaining more understandings of what happened (via content analysis) and deep insights behind the schene (via thematic analysis). Feedback for Week 6:For each code you included in Task 1, you should provide at least two illustrative quotes from the transcript. Some codes only associated with one quote. Code 8 does not contain any description. For code Social group is useful for IT students to cooperate with others, the description This paragraph directly points out that social group is very important for IT students does not help the readers to understand what the code means. Do no simply repeat your code. You should have provided more a detailed explanation to describe what each code is as the limitation on words are 50 words.  This helps to understand whether each code is latent or semantic and how each code is associated with one of the themes. You received 18 marks for Week 4, 16 marks for Week 5 and 12 marks for Week 6"	78.33
"Feedback for Week 4:You have correctly identified problematic questions from the provided questionnaire. Each issue is clearly identified and highlights one or multiple problems. The problems have generally been correctly identified, and proposed solutions effective at removing problematic elements from each question.In terms of potential improvement, Regarding Q5, you incorrectly identify the problem as being about implicit bias, but in this case it would be more accurate to describe the problem as being a leading question. This is because it is leading the interviewee to a predetermined conclusion (that onboarding is so bad).Regarding Question 7, it is not necessarily a matter of assumption, rather the question is unclear/double-barreled, but also the wrong type of question for a scale to be used on. The suggested improvement somewhat addresses this, but it should be listed under issue identified. Its important to identify specific problems by the correct name (ie: leading questions, implicit questions, double-barred questions, ambiguous, etc.). Regarding Task 2, the subtopic is appropriate, and most questions avoid any major problematic issues. The justifications are generally appropriate and provide a good level of detail. Feedback for Week 5:Regarding Task 1, the included interview schedule is generally appropriate and contains a high level of details. Questions have been broken up based on subtopics/themes. The inclusion of an introduction and conclusion is also be an appropriate addition. Consideration of potential follow-up and clarifying questions within the schedule is also a good addition.  Regarding Task 2, the transcript appears to be completed verbatim, the participant and interviewer have been appropriately identified as interviewer and interviewee. The main component missing from the transcript is that there is no indication of the transcript including any timecodes. It is important that each response includes a timecode so that it can be quickly checked and confirmed with the audio.Feedback for Week 6:Although some codes have latent aspects, many of the codes included are focused on a semantic level of interpretation. It would be appropriate to include further latent codes, this means looking deeper into the substance of what is being said and the underlying meaning of what has been said, as opposed to a surface level interpretation. Some of the included themes have the potential for overlap as they are looking at similar issues relating to information delivery. Ensure that your codes are unique enough that they relate to only a single theme. If a code can be placed under more than a single theme, it means that the code is potentially too broad, or that there is too much crossover between themes and they are not sufficiently unique.Code descriptions are generally detailed, and the quotes chosen represent the codes well. You received 14 marks for Week 4, 10 marks for Week 5 and 15 marks for Week 6"	66.67
"Feedback for Week 10 + 11:Overall, good attempt. However, some improvements are needed. You could improve your visuals to make your video more engaging to the audience. You could think about adding live videos in some sections to make your video more communicative rather than showing one static image for a long. Your presentation delivery was too fast and, in some sections, it was difficult to understand. Also, your video presentations and the audio were not syncing properly.  You could also consider reducing your text a little to present it more comfortably and engagingly.Feedback for Week 12:Well done! You have well presented the summary, problem being tackled, potential solutions, and the technology being used. However, there are some areas of improvement. You recommended for patenting but your justifications did not discuss much the novelty of the work. You have also talked about the potential conflict of this work with the existing prior art. However, it would be better if you could add links of prior works and more relate the novelty of the work to justify the patenting. You received 37 marks for Week 10 and 11 and 9 marks for Week 12"	76.67
"Feedback for Week 7:For week 7, you have calculated the correct values for population standard deviation, IQR and sample standard deviation. The MATLAB commands with script is also complete. Also, the boxplot could have been expanded so that the box is clearly visible. Feedback for Week 8:For week 8, you have identified the hypothesis as well as null hypothesis properly. The dependent, independent and confounding variables are a good match for your hypothesis. Limitations and future investigations have been identified properly.Feedback for Week 9:For week 9, the confusion matrix computed for Q(a) is correct, based on which the value for accuracy is correct. In addition, the calculation for only bottles confusion matrix is done correctly based on which values for recall, precision and f1-score are correct. You received 16 marks for Week 7, 20 marks for Week 8 and 20 marks for Week 9"	93.33